You wake up late for school man you don't wanna go;
You ask you mom Please? but she still says No.
You missed two classes and no homework
But your teacher preachers class like you're some kind of jerk.
Your pop caught you smokin' and he said No way;
That hypocrite smokes two packs a day.
Man livin' at home is such a drag;
Now your mom threw away your best porno mag.
Don't step out of this house if that's the clothes you're gonna wear.
I'll kick you out of my home if you don't cut that hair.
Your mom busted in and said What's that noise?;
Aw mom you're just jealous it's the Beastie Boys.
sweat runnin' all over my chest.
I don't quit no .
I just press harder .
than I ever did before goin' for
the dreams that I have in store
in my mind and I know
that I'm makin' it I gotta
get mine and nobody's takin' it away .
'cause hammer don't play that
you try to get mine
boy you better step back freeze 'cause
you don't want none I hustle
for my muscle and you look
weak son yea .
I'm goin' for all that I can get .
kickin' at the top because I'm too legit to quit sing .
when I feel high post
don't you play me close a dig 'em smack
a get you back and i'll
hit you with a dose of oak town power .
and charge you by the hour .
I'm shakin' like a quake and punks
get devoured I choose to abuse misuse and confuse
competitors who think
they're makin' up all the rules fools
in the game lame and insane
it's a shame I gotta do this but .
I remain the same unchanged
gettin' better never known .
as a sweater kickin' it at the
top because I got myself together .
so roll with a guy who's
physical and fit knows the time .
and too legit to quit sang
step to the rhythm of a
sho nuff winner I been
here before yo I ain't no
beginner but I been new .
tried and true survival of the fittest
yo it brought me through
my crew we're ready to
strike trained for the mission
so believe the hype and sweat it .
'cause you're gonna
regret it the day that you dissed us
you'll wish you never met us
you remind me of a real short
story one hit record and you
star to bore me get ready .
cause this is it your crew is
through and we too legit to quit sang .
my people we don't know defeat .
we crush the strong and
percolate the weak daily .
we make our moves to
improve our groove because we love to rule where we
lay yo work and play .
we started at the bottom
now we're leadin' the way and yea .
I'm havin' a fit kickin' it
at the top because I'm too legit to quit sang
you don't stop .
a rock the rhythm that makes your finger pop .
I said ah hip hop ah thanks a lot .
ah c'mon everybody gimme whatcha got
i'm gonna tell you a little story about the Sugarhill gang
with the pow pow boogie and a big bang .
and if you wanna rap to the Sugarhill beat .
tta rap in the key of R A P
now that is over i'm ready to jam .
want all you people to clap your hands
tonight we're gonna scream and shout
we're gonna turn this mother sucka out .
to all of you people that are ready to jam
scream it out and say I am .
I am some body some body now you know you're hot .
see I met this girl and I said to her honey
if you wanna be my baby you gotta gimme money .
turned around didn't mean no harm .
I knocked her out with my vicious charm
I said no no baby it's not like that
ya see i'm all about makin' that cold cold cash
started jivin' around started messin' wit her head .
and next thing I know she wanted to go to .
but to turn me on you got to be the best
'cause i'm the Master G I don't take no mess
like t n t i'm dynamite .
ya see I rock your body to the early light .
and when you wake up in the mornin' you'll see i'm gone
and check it out girl you're all alone .
'cause you just been hit by the Capricorn king .
I rocked you gentle I rocked you mean .
I rocked you in and I rocked you out .
you made me scream but I made you shout .
once upon a time not long ago
everybody had on their radio .
and then the fella came on with a groovy noise
to put the wiggle in the women and girls and boys .
the word got around about three cool cats
who put the foot back in the pack .
and let me tell you party people just who we be
with the help of big bank and the master G .
what you see is what you get .
and you ain't seen nothin' yet .
I don't think i'm bad don't box in no karate .
just an MC to put the boogie in your body go .
back and forth then forth and back .
we're the Sugarhill gang we take no slack .
don't wear diamond rings or drive big cars .
but the people just treat us like movie stars .
well I'm the master G a and I'm the best
all the ladies say my voice is rated X
i'm a touch of lightnin' a taste of fire .
well I'm the Master G and i'm your desire .
young ladies I said I rock the nation
'cause I got my own transportation
I can rock just about any age
so let your fingers do the walkin' through the yellow page .
A millionaire I'm a young money millionaire
Tougher than Nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career this isn't fair .
I'm a venereal disease like a menstrul bleed
Through the pencil and leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind
'Cause I don't write shit 'cause I ain't got time
'Cause my seconds minutes hours go to the all mighty dollar
And the all mighty power of that ch ch ch ch chopper
Sister brother son daughter Father mothafuck a coppa
Got the Maserati dancin' on the bridge Pussy poppin'
tell the coppers ha ha ha ha
you can't catch 'em you can't stop 'em
I go by them goon rules if you can't beat 'em then you pop 'em
You can't man 'em then you mop 'em
You can't stand 'em then you drop 'em .
You pop 'em 'cause we pop 'em like Orville Redenbacher .
a million here a million there
sicilion bitch with long hair with coke in the derriere
like smokin' the thinnest air .
I open the lamborghini hopin' them crackers see me
like look at that bastard weezy
he's a beast he's a dog he's a motherfuckin' problem
OK you're a goon but what's a goon to a goblin
nothing nothing you ain't scarin' nothing .
On some faggot bullshit call him denis Rodman .
Call me what you want bitch call me on my sidekick
never answer when it's private Damn I hate a shy bitch .
Don't you hate a shy bitch Yeah I ate a shy bitch
She ain't shy no more she changed her name to my bitch .
Ha Yeah nigga that's my bitch So when she ask
for the money when you through don't be surprised bitch .
An' it ain't trickin' if you got it .
but you like a bitch with no ass you ain't got shit .
motherfucker I'm ill not sick .
and I'm OK but my watch sick yeah my drop sick .
yeah my glock sick and my knot thick I'm it .
They say I'm rappin' like Big Jay and Tupac
Andre threethousand where is Erykah Baduh at . Who that .
Who that say they're gonna beat Lil' Wayne .
My name ain't bic but I keep that flame man .
Who that one that do that boy
you knew that true that swallow
and I be the shit now you got loose bowels .
I don't owe you like two vowels .
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour .
Ha ha and I'd rather be pushing flowers .
Than to be in the pen sharing showers .
Ha Tony told us this world was ours
and the bible told us every girl was sour
Don't play in the garden and don't smell her flower
call me mister Carter or mister lawn mower .
Boy I got so many bitches like I'm Michael Lowry .
Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me .
Motherfucker I say life ain't shit without me
Chrome lips pokin' out the coup look like it's poutin'
I do what I do and you do what you can do about it .
Bitch I could turn a crack rock into a mountain . dare me
don't you compare me 'cause there ain't nobody near me
they don't see me but they hear me
they don't feel me but they fear me I'm illie . C three . three P .
I'm big bank I am the chief .
I got a lot of raps but i'll be brief .
I never need a horse I like to chill
so I drive up in my new seville
my tribe went down in the hall of fame .
'cause I'm the one who shot jesse james .
pound for pound I will never break down
big bank no sir I don't mess around .
like Kemosabi of course it's me
I'm better known as the master G .
a firing squad sensed the danger
when they're stung by the rapping ranger .
had a little talk with my medicine man
he said get them squaws fast as you can
to all you girls that wanna join my tribe
just move to my rhythm and feel my vibe .
put up a fuss in the end you'll agree
when you come inside my tee pee
as I said before you could sense the danger
when you're stung by the rapping ranger
when silver and I . take a ride .
all of you suckers better step aside .
I sting squaws then I run away .
hi ho . silver is what I say .
a pow wow just rock it out
finger poppin' to the break of dawn .
keep it rockin' like the stuff that we call maize
what's that hot buttered popcorn .
you just hippa hoppa dippa boppa bang the boogie
woogie betcha wanna boogie again .
and you can put me to the test at your request
I rock you out of your moccasin .
Kemosabi got down took off his mask .
he kicked off his shoes and did the monster mash .
Tommy came along saw what was happening .
nin' head began to bop and his foot start to clappin'
go slam dunk do the jerk
and with the mic is how my smoke signals work .
they were jammin' off a record that said it best
now what you hear is not a test .
I like big butts and I can not lie .
you other brothers can't deny .
that when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waste
and a round thing in your face you get sprung .
wanna pull up tough cause you notice that butt was stuffed .
deep in the jeans she's wearing .
I'm hooked and I can't stop staring
oh baby I wanna get wit'cha .
and take your picture .
my homeboys tried to warn me but that .
butt you got makes me so horny
ooh rump oh smooth skin
you say you wanna get in my Benz .
well use me use me
'cause you ain't that average groupy .
I've seen them dancin' .
the hell with romancin'
she's wet . wet .
got it goin' like a turbo 'vette .
I'm tired of magazines .
sayin' flat butts are the thing .
take the average black man and ask him that .
she gotta pack much back .
so fellas Yeah, fellas Yeah,
has your girlfriend got the butt
Hell tell 'em to shake it . shake it .
shake that healthy butt .
baby got back .
I like 'em round and big .
and when I'm throwin' a gig
I just can't help myself I'm actin' like an animal .
now here's my scandal .
I wanna get you home .
and ugh . double up ugh . ugh .
I ain't talkin' bout playboy .
'cause silicone parts are made for toys .
I want 'em real thick and juicy .
so find that juicy double .
mix a lot's in trouble .
beggin' for a piece of that bubble .
so I'm lookin' at rock videos .
knockkneed bimbos walkin' like hoes .
you can have them bimbos .
I'll keep my women like Flo Jo .
a word to the thick soul sistas I wanna get with ya .
I won't cuss or hit ya .
but I gotta be straight when I say I wanna fuck .
til the break of dawn
baby got it goin' on
a lot of simps won't like this song .
'cause them punks like to hit it and quit it .
and i'd rather stay and play .
'cause I'm long and I'm strong .
and I'm down to get the friction on .
so ladies yeah, ladies yeah,
if you want to roll my Mercedes .
then turn around . stick it out .
even white boys got to shout .
baby got back .
so your girlfriend rolls a Honda .
playin' workout tapes by Fonda .
but Fonda ain't got a motor in the back of her Honda .
my anaconda don't want none
unless you've got buns hon .
you can do side bends or sit ups .
but please don't lose that butt .
some brothers wanna play that hard role .
and tell you that the butt ain't go .
so they toss it and leave it .
and I pull up quick to retrieve it .
so Cosmo says you're fat .
well I ain't down with that .
'cause your waste is small and your curves are kickin' .
and I'm thinkin' bout stickin' .
to the bean pole chicks in the magazines .
you ain't it miss thing .
give me a sista I can't resist her .
red beans and rice didn't miss her .
some knucklehead tried to dis .
'cause his girls are on my list .
he had game but he chose to hit 'em .
and I pull up quick to get wit 'em .
so ladies if the butt is round .
and you want a triple X throw down .
dial one nine hundred mix a lot .
and kick them nasty thoughts .
baby got back .
Miami equals black mask black gloves
with a little bit of rope to tie I flipped it
black suits white shirts . black glasses with a matchin' tie
like agent J or agent K and I wish the whole world would . okay .
I'm tryna make a billion out of fifteen cents .
understand understood
I'm a go getter mover shaker culture .
bury a boarder record breaker
won't cha
give credit where credit is due
don't cha know that I don't give a number two .
I got the globe yeah in the palm of my hand
whereever I spin it that's where I land .
let's save the world .
men in black . I know you understand .
stop the movement . they can try if they want to .
ignorar lo Latino si . they can try if they want to .
what Pit saws a bit raw
took like jigsaw and built it all
despite a big loss I'd bet it all
and fought blind against the world Ray Charles
Basketball is my favorite sport .
I like the way they dribble up and down the court .
Just like I'm the king on the microphone
So is doctor J and Moses Malone .
I like slam dunks take me to the hoop .
My favorite play is the alley oop
I like the pick and roll I like the give and go .
'Cause it's basketball . uh mister Kurtis Blow .
I used to go to dinner and then take the girl
To see Tiny play against Earl the pearl
And Wilt big O and Jerry West
To play basketball at it's very best .
Basketball has always been my thing
I like Magic Bird and Bernard King .
and number thirtythree my man Kareem
is the center on my starting team .
Clyde Rick Barry and pistol Pete .
Now these players could never be beat .
Isiah and Iceman too
Just give 'em the ball and then you talk up too .
Dantley and Wilkins are on the scene
And Ralph Sampson is really mean .
Bill Russell didn't take no junk
And Darryl Dawkins got a monster dunk .
Tell me were you in the joint .
The night Wilt scored a hundred points
Or when the Celtics won titles back to back .
And didn't give nobody no kind of slack
Or when Doctor J shook the whole damn team
With moves that came right out of a dream
Or when Willis Reed stood so tall
Playing D with desire it's basketball .
I get the ball and then I go and play
Like the super stars in the N B A .
The forwards the centers and all the guards .
The ones you see on the bubble gum cards .
Me and home boy would go one on one
'Cause playin' the game is a lot of fun .
Sit by the TV and watch 'em all
'Cause Kurtis Blow is rappin' basketball
I know you gon' lose it this new Snoop shit
come on ba by boo you got sta get in to it .
don't fool wit the play a with the cool whip .
yeah yeah you know I'm al ways on that cool shit .
walk to it do it how you do it .
have a glass lem me put you in the mood it .
lil' cutie look in' like a stu dent
long hair wit' cha big fat boot Y
back in the days you was a girl I went to school wit
had to tell your moms and sis ter to cool it
the girl wan na do it I just might do it .
here to walk wit some pimp pimp clue wit'
mom my don't wor ry I won't a buse it
hur ry up and fi nish so we can watch Clue less
I laugh at these nig gas when they ask who do this
but eve ri bo dy know who girl that you is .
when I see my baby boo shit I get foolish .
smack a nigga that tries to pursue it .
homeboy she taken just move it
I asked you nicely don't make the dogg lose it
we just blow 'dro and keep the flow movin'
in a six four me and baby boo cruisin' .
body rag interior blue and
have them hydraulics squeakin' when we screwin' .
now she's yellin' hall in' out Snoop and .
hootin' hollerin' hollerin' hootin' .
black and beautiful you the one I'm choosin'
hair long and black and curly like you're Cuban .
keep groovin' that's what we doin'
and we gon' be together until your moms move in
Snoop Dogg clothin' that's what I'm groomed in
you got my pictures on the wall in your room in
girls be complainin' you keep me boomin'
but girls like that wanna listen to Pat Boone
you's a college girl but that don't stop you from doin'
come and see the Dogg in a hood near you in .
you don't ask why I roll wit a crew and
twist up my fingers and wear dark blue in
on the eastside that's the crew I choose .
nothin' I do is new to you .
I smack up the world if they rude to you .
'cause baby girl you so beautiful .
to all the la dies in the place with style and grace
al low me to lace these lyr i cal douch es in your bush es .
who rock grooves and make moves with all the mom mies .
the back of the club sip pin mo et is where you'll find me .
the back of the club mack in hoes my crew's be hind me .
mad ques tion ask in' blunt pass in'
mus ic blast in' . but I just can't quit
'be cause one of these hon ies big gie gots ta creep with .
sleep with keep the ep a se cret why not .
why blow up my spot . cause we both got hot .
now check it . I got more Mack . than Craig and in the bed .
be lieve me sweet Y I got e nough to feed the need Y .
no need to be gree dy I got mad friends with Benz 's
C notes by the lay ers . true fuck in' play ers .
jump in the rov er and come ov er
tell your friends jump in the G S three .
I got the chro nic by the tree .
Straight up honey really I'm askin'
most of these niggaz think they be mackin' but they be actin'
who they attractin' with that line
what's your name what's your sign
soon as he buy that wine I just creep up from behind .
and ask you what your interests are . who you be with
things to make you smile what numbers to dial
you gon' be here for a while
I'm gon' call my crew you go call your crew
we can rendezvous at the bar around two .
plans to leave throw the keys to Lil' Cease
pull the truck up front and roll up the next blunt
So we can steam on the way to the telly go fill my belly .
A Tbone steak cheese eggs and Welcher's grape
Conversate for a few . 'Cause in a few we gon' do
what we came to do ain't that right boo .
Forget the telly we just go to the crib
and watch a movie in the jacuzzi smoke l's while you do me .
How ya livin' Biggie Smalls in mansion and Benz's
Givin' ends to my friends and it feels stupendous .
Tremendous cream . Fuck a dollar and a dream .
Still tote gats strapped with infrared beams .
Choppin' o's smokin' lye an' optimo's
Money hoes and clothes all a nigga knows .
a foolish pleasure whatever .
I had to find the buried treasure .
So grams I had to measure .
however living better now Coogi sweater now .
drop top BM's I'm the man girlfriend .
I got the hit that beat the block .
You can get that bass overload .
I got that rock and roll That future flow
That digital spit Next level visual shit .
I got that Boom boom boom
How the beat bang Boom boom boom
I like that boom boom pow
Them chicken jackin' my style
They try to copy my swagger
I'm on that next shit now .
I'm so three thousand and eight .
You so two thousand and late .
I got that boom boom boom .
That future boom boom boom
Let me get it now .
I'm on the supersonic boom .
Y'all hear the space ship zoom
When when I step inside the room .
them girls go ape shit uh .
Y'all stuck on super A shit .
They're no fast stupid 8 bit .
I'm on that H D flat .
This beat go boom boom bap .
I'm a beast when you turn me on
Into the future cybertron
Harder faster better stronger
Sexin' ladies extra longer
'cause . We got the beat that bounce .
We got the beat that pow .
We got the beat that eightoheight
That boom boom in your town
Here we go here we go Satellite radio
Y'all gettin' hit with the Boom boom
Beats so big I'm stepping on leprechauns
shittin' on ya'll with the Boom boom
Got this dance that's more than real.
Drink brass monkey here's how you feel.
You put your left leg down, your right leg up;
Tilt your head back; let's finish the cup.
M C A with the bottle D rocks the can.
AdRock gets nice with Charlie Chan.
We're offered Moet we don't mind Chivas
Whereever we go we bring the Monkey with us.
AdRock drinks three; Mike D is D;
Double R foots the bill most definitely
I drink brass monkey and I rock well.
I got a castle in Brooklyn that's where I dwell.
Cause I drink it anytime and anyplace
When it's time to get ill I pour it on my face;
Monkey tastes Def when you pour it on ice.
Come on y'all it's time to get nice.
Coolin' by the lockers gettin' kind of funky
Me and the crew we're drinking brass monkey
This girl walked by she gave me the eye;
I reached in the locker grabbed the Spanish fly;
I put it with the Monkey mixed it in a cup.
Went over to the girl Yo baby what's up?;
I offered her a sip girl she gave me lip;
Did begin the stuff wore in and now she's on my tip.
Step up to the bar, put the girl down;
She takes a big gulp and slaps it around Take a sip;
You can do it; You get right to it.
We had a case in the place and we went right through it.
You got a dry Martini you're thinkin' you're cool;
Take your place at the bar I smack you off your stool.
I'll down a forty dog in a single gulp.
And if you got beef you'll get beat to a pulp.
Monkey and parties and reelin' and rockin'
Def def girls girls all y'all jockin'
The song and dance keeping you in a trance.
If you don't buy my record I got my advance
I drink it; I think it; I see it; I be it.
I love Brass Monkey but I won't give D it.
We got the bottle you got the cup;
Come on everybody let's get f.
who's that gigolo on the street .
with his hands in his pockets and his crocodile feet .
hangin' off the curb looking all disturbed .
at the boys from home . they all came runnin'
they were makin' noise . manhandling toys .
that's the girls on the block . with the nasty curls .
wearin' padded bras sucking beers through straws
droppin' down their drawers where did you get yours .
so you say you wanted money but you know it's never funny
when your shoes worn through and there's a rumble in your tummy
but you had to have style get a gold tooth smile
put a girl on the corner so you can make a pile .
committed a crime and went inside .
it was comin' your way . but you had to survive
when you lost your babe . you lost the race
now you're lookin' at me to take her place .
This here's a tale for all the fellas
Tryin' to do what those ladies tell us.
Get shot down cause ya over zealous
Play hard to get females get jealous
okay smarty go to a party
Girls are scantily clad and showin' body
A chick walks by you wish you could sex her;
But you're standin' on the wall like you was Poindexter
Next days function high class luncheon
Food they're serving you're stone cold munchin'
Music comes on people start to dance;
But then you ate so mutch you nearly split your pants.
A girl starts walkin' guys start gawking
Sits down next to you and starts talking
Says she wants to dance cause she likes to groove;
So come on fatso and just bust a move.
You're on a mission and your wishin'
Someone could cure your lonely condition
Lookin' for love in all the wrong places
No fine girls just ugly faces
From frustration first inclination
is to become a monk and leave the situation
But every dark tunnel has a light of hope;
So don't hang yourself with a celibate rope
Your movie's showin' so you're goin'
Could care less about the five you're blowin'
Theater gets dark just to start the show;
Then ya spot a fine woman sittin' in your row;
She's dressed in yellow she says Hello
come sit next to me you fine fellow
You run over there without a second to lose;
And what comes next hey bust a move.
In this city ladies look pretty
Guys tell jokes so they can seem witty
Tell a funny joke just to get some play;
Then you try to make a move and she says No way.
Girls are fakin' goodness sakin'
They want the man who brings home the bacon
Got no money and you got no car;
Then you got no women and there you are.
Some girls are sadistic materialistic
Lookin' for a man makes them opportunistic
They're lyin' on a beach perpetrating a tan
So that a brother with the money can be their man.
So on the beach you're strollin' real high rollin'
Everything you have is yours and not stolen
A girl runs up with somethin' to prove;
So don't just stand there bust a move.
Your best friend Harry has a brother Larry
In five days from now he's gonna marry
He's hopin' you can make it there if you can;
'Cause in the ceremony you'll be the best man.
You say neat O; check your libido
And roll to the church in your new tuxedo
The bride walks down just to start the wedding
And there's one more girl you won't be getting
So start fakin' then you start blinkin'
The bridesmaid looks and thinks that you're winking
She thinks your kinda cute so she winks back;
And now your feelin' really firm cause the girl is stacked
Receptions jumpin' bass is pumpin'
You look at the girl and your heart starts thumpin'
Says she wants to dance to a different
Now you know what to do just bust a move.
Now let me welcome everybody to the wild wild west.
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness.
The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest.
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex.
We in that sunshine state where the bomb ass hemp be.
The state where ya never find a dance floor empty.
And pimps be on a mission for them greens.
:Lean mean money makin' machines servin' fiends.
I been in the game for ten years makin' rap tunes.
Ever since honeys was wearin' sassoon.
Now it's ninety five and they clock me and watch me.
Diamonds shinin'; Lookin' like I robbed Liberace.
It's all good from Diego to the Bay.
Your city is the bomb, if your city makin' pay.
Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way.
Dre puttin' it down for Californ I A.
Out on bail Fresh out of jail California dreamin'.
Soon as I step on the scene I'm hearin' hoochies screamin'.
Fiendin' for money and alcohol; The life of a Westside player.
Where cowards die and the strong ball.
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die.
In LA we wearin' Chucks not Ballies.
Yeah that's right.
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits, and ride is what we do.
Flossin' but have caution.
We collide with other crews.
Famous because we throw grands worldwide.
Let 'em recognize from Long Beach to Rosecranz.
Bumpin' and grindin' like a slow jam.
It's Westsideâ€” so you know the Row won't bow down to no man.
Say what you say, but give me that bomb beat from Dre.
Let me serenade the streets of LA.
From Oakland to Sac town the Bay area and back down.
Cali is where they put they mack down.
Give me love.
Can I hit it in the mornin' without givin' you half of my dough
And even worse if I was broke would you want me?
If I couldn't get you finer things Like all of them diamond rings
bitches kill for Would you still roll?
If we couldn't see the sun risin' off the shore of Thailand
would you ride then? If I wasn't drivin'
If I wasn't a eight figure nigga by the name of Jigga
would you come around me Or would you clown me?
If I couldn't flow futuristic would ya
put your two lips on my wood and kiss it? Could ya
see yourself with a nigga workin' harder than nien to five
con ten to six two jobs to survive or
do you need a balla, So you can shop and tear the mall up?
Brag tell your friends what I bought ya.
If you couldn't see yourself with a nigga when his dough is low;
Baby girl if this is so yo.
You ain't gotta be rich but fuck that.
How we gonna get around your bus pass.
Fo' I put this pussy on your mustache
Can you afford me; my niggaz bread winners never corny
Ambition makes me so horny
Not the fussin' and the frontin'
If you got nuttin' baby boy you betta
Git Up Git Out get somethin' Shit.
I like a lot of Prada Alize and Vodka
Late nights candle light then I tear the cock up;
Get it up I put it down anytime it pop up huh.
I got to snap let it loose then I knock ya.
Feel the juice then I got ya when you produce a rocka
I let you meet momma and introduce you to poppa
My coochie remains in a Gucci name.
Never test my patience nigga I'm high maintenance
high class if you ain't rollin' bypass
If you ain't holdin' I dash yo.
It ain't even a question how my dough flows.
I'm good to these bad hoes.
Like my bush wet and undry like damp clothes.
What y'all niggaz don't know: It's easy to pimp a hoe.
Bitches betta have my money fo' sho';
Before they go runnin' they mouth promotin' half.
I be dickin' they back out go head let it out.
I fucks with my gat out bounce and leave a hundred
Makin' em feel slutted even if they don't want it.
It's been so long since I met a chick ain't on my tips;
But then I'm dead wrong when I tell em be gone.
So hold on to the feelin' of flossin' and platinum
'cause from now on you can witness Ja the icon;
With hoodies and timbs on. 'cause I thugs my bitches
V V studs my bitches then we rob bitch niggaz
I'm talkin' bout straight figures if you here you wit us;
If not Boo you know what I still fucked you.
Yo I'm makin' short term goals when the weather folds
just put away the leathers and put ice on the gold .
Chilly with enough bail money to free a big willie .
High stakes I got more at stake than Philly .
Shoppin' sprees . copin' three .
Deuce fever I S's fully loaded ah yes
bouncin' in the lex luger . tires smoke like Buddha .
Fifty G's to the crap shooter . niggaz can't fade me
Chrome socks beamin' .
Through my peripheral I see ya schemin' .
Stop dreamin' I leave your body steamin' .
Niggaz is fiendin' what's the meanin' .
I'm leanin' on any nigga intervenin'
with the sound of my money machinin' .
My cup runneth . over with hundreds .
I'm one of the best niggas that done it . six digits and runnin'
Y'all niggas don't want it .
I got the Godfather flow The Don Juan DeMarco
swear to God don't get it fucked up .
Last seen out of state where I drop my slang .
I'm deep in the South kickin' up top game .
Bouncin' on the highway Switchin' fo lanes .
Screamin' through the sunroof money ain't a thang .
Your worst fear confirmed .
Me and my fam roll tight like The Firm .
Gettin' down for life thats right you better learn .
Why play with fire burn
We get together like a choir . to acquire what we desire .
We do dirt like worms . produce G's like sperm .
'til legs spread like germs
I got extensive hoes with expensive clothes
and I sip fine wines and spit vintage flows
What y'all don't know? .
yeah . yeah . 'cause you can't knock the hustle .
Yo . y'all niggaz lunchin' punchin' the clock .
My function is to make much and lay back munchin'
Sippin' Remy on the rocks my crew somethin' to watch .
Nothin' to stop un stoppable
Scheme on the ice . I gotta hot your crew .
I gotta let you niggaz know the time like Movado
My motto . stack rocks like Colorado
Auto off the champagne Cristal's by the bottle
It's a damn shame what you're not though who? Me .
Slick like a gato fuckin' Jay Z .
My pops knew exactly what he did when he made me
Tried to get a nut and he got a nut and what .
Straight bananas . can a nigga . see me?
Got the U S Open . advantage Jigga .
Serve like Sampras . play fake rappers like a campus
Le Tigre . son you're too eager .
You ain't havin' it? . Good . me either .
Let's . get together and make this whole world believe us huh? .
At my arraignment screamin'
all us blacks got is sports and entertainment . until we even .
Thievin' . as long as I'm breathin' .
Can't knock the way a nigga eatin' . fuck you even
You could have it your way . How do you want it .
you gon' back that thing up or should I push up on it
temperature risin' OK . let's go to the next level
dance floor jam packed hot as a tea kettle .
I break it down for you now baby it's simple .
if you be a nympho . I be a nympho .
in the hotel or in the back of the rental
on the beach or in the park . it's whatever you into
got the magic stick . I'm the love doctor .
have your friends teachin' you about strong I got you .
when you show me what you workin' baby . no problem
get on top . then get your bounce around like a low rider .
I'm a seasoned vet . when it come to this shit .
after you work up a sweat you could play with the stick .
I'm tryin' to explain baby the best way I can .
I melt in your mouth girl not in your hand . uh huh
give it to me baby . nice and slow
climb on top ride like you in a rodeo .
you ain't never heard a sound like this before .
cuz I ain't never put it down like this
soon as I come through the door
she get to pullin' on my zipper .
it's like it's a race who can get undressed quicker .
isn't it ironic how erotic it is to watch her in thongs .
had me thinkin' 'bout that ass after I'm gone
I touched the right spot at the right time .
lights on or lights off she like it from behind .
so seductive you should see the way she whine .
her hips in slow mo on the floor when we grind .
no she ain't stoppin' homie I ain't stoppin' .
drippin' wet with sweat man it's on and popping
all my champagne campaign . bottle after bottle it's on
and we gonna sip 'til every bubble every bottle is gone .
All you Trekkies and T V addicts
Don't mean to diss don't mean to bring static
All you Klingons in the fuckin house
Grab your back street and get loud
blowin' doors off hinges
grab you with the pinchers
And no I didn't retire
I'll snatch you up with the needle nose pliers
Like mutual of Omaha
got the ill boat.
You've never seen before
glidin' in the glades.
And like Lorne Greene you know I get paid.
Like Caprese with the basil
Not goofy like Darren or Hazel
I'm a motherfuckin' Nick at Nite
with classics rerunnin' that you know all right.
Now remain calm no alarm
cause my farm ain't fat.
So what's up with that.
I've got friends and family that I respect
When I think I'm too good they put me in check.
So believe when I say I'm no better than you;
except when I rap so I guess it ain't true.
Like that y'all and you just don't stop.
guaranteed to make your body rock.
Said Doc what's the condition
I'm a man that's on a mission
Said son you'd better listen
Stuck in your ass is an electrician
Like a scientist
Mmm when I'm applyin' this
Method of controllin' my mind; Like
Einstein the rappin' Duke combined
Hey baby bubba now what the deal;
I didn't know you go for that mass appeal
Some call it salugi some hot potato
I stole your mic but you won't see it later
'Cause I work magic like a magician
I add up like mathematician
I'm a bank cashier engineer
I wear cotton but I don't wear sheer.
Shazam and abracadabra
In the whip I'm gonna cruise past ya.
Yo money don't chump yourself
Put that shit back on the shelf.
Now I go by the name of the King AdRock
I don't wear a cup nor a jock.
I bring the shit that's beyond bizarre
Like Miss Piggy who moi.
I am the one with the clientele
say Ad Rock you rock so well.
I've got class like pink champale
M C A grab the mic before the mic goes stale.
Don't test me they can't arrest me.
Fake right cross over shoot lefty
You look upset yo calm down.
You look cable guy dunked off of your crown.
I flow like smoke out a chimney
You never been me you wanna rap
But what you're makin' ain't Hip Hop B.
Get your clothes right out the dryer
Put armor up on your tire
Sport that fresh attire
tonight we goin' out set the town on fire
Set the town ablaze
gonna stun and amaze
Ready to throw a craze;
Make your granny shake her head And say those were the days.
I tell a bad bitch do whatever I say
My block behind me like Im comin' out the driveway
Its grind day from Friday to next Friday
I been up straight for nine days I need a spa day .
yup . She try in get me that poo tang
I might let my crew bang My crew deeper than Wu Tang
I'm rollin' with Huh fuck Im sayin' Girl you know my crew name
You know 2 Chains? . Scrr!
Im pullin' up in that Bruce Wayne
But Im the fuckin' villain
man they kneelin' when I walkin' in the buildin'
Freaky women I be feelin' from the bank accounts I'm fillin'
What a feelin' ah man they gotta be a
Young player from the D
that's killin' everything that he see but enough .
Yeah Im talkin' Yeah . yeah Im talkin' Re .
yeah I'm talkin' B . nigga I'm talkin' me .
Yeah I'm talkin' bossy I aint talkin' duh lease .
Your money too short you can't be talkin' to me .
Yeah Im talkin' LeBron we ballin' our family .
GOOD Music drug dealin' cousin
aint nothin' fuckin' with we me
Turn that sixtytwo to one twentyfive one twentyfive to a two fifty .
two fifty to a half a mill aint nothin' nobody can do with me
Now who with me? . Vamanos . Call me Hov or jefe .
Translation I'm the shit . Least that's what my neck say .
least that's what my check say . Lost my homie for a decade .
nigga down for like 12 years
aint hug his son since second grade .
uh . He never told .who we gonna tell
we top of the totem pole .
It's the dream team . meets the supreme team .
and all our eyes green and only means one thing
You aint fuckin' with my clique .
Break records at Louie . Ate breakfast at Gucci .
My girl a superstar all from a home movie .
Bow on our arrival the unamerican idols .
What niggas did in Paris got em hangin' off the Eiffel
Yeah I'm talkin' business . We talkin' CIA .
I'm talkin' George Ten and I seen him the other day .
He asked me 'bout my May back Think he had the same .
except miner tinted and his might have been rented
You know white people . get money don't spend it .
Or maybe they . get money buy a business .
I rather buy eighty gold chains and go ig'nant .
I know Spike Lee gon' kill me but let me finish .
Blame it on the pigment . we livin' no limits .
Them gold master P ceilings was just a figment .
Of our imagination . MTV cribs
Now I'm lookin' at a crib right next to where T C lives .
That's Tom Cruise . whatever she accuse .
He wasn't really drunk he just had few brews .
Pass the refreshments a cool cool beverage .
Everything I do need a news crew's presence .
Speed Boat swerve homie watch out for the waves .
Im way too black to burn from sun rays .
So I just meditated the home in Pompeii .
About how I could build a new Rome in one day .
every time Im in Vegas they screamin' like he's Elvis .
But I just wanna design hotels and nail it .
Shit is real got me feelin' Israelian
Like Bar Refaeli Giselle no that's Brazilian .
Went through . deep depression when my momma passed .
Suicide what kinda talk is that .
But I've been talkin' to God for so long
That have you look in my life I guess he talkin' back
Fuckin' with my clique .
I am a nightmare walkin'. Psychopath talkin'.
King of my jungle just a gangster stalkin'.
Livin' life like a firecracker ;Quick is my fuse.
Then dead as a death pack the colors I choose.
Red or Blue Cuz or Blood it just don't matter.
Sucker die for your life when my shotgun scatters.
We gangs of L A will never die. Just multiply.
You don't know me fool; You disown me cool.
I don't need your assistance Social persistence
Any problem I got I just put my fist in.
My life is violent but violent is life;
Peace is a dream; reality is a knife.
My colors my honour my colors my all;
With my colors upon me one soldier stands tall.
Tell me what have you left me; what have I got?.
Last night in cold blood my young brother got shot;
My home boy got jacked;
My mother's on crack;
My sister can't work cause her arms show tracks.
Madness insanity live in profanity
Then some punk claimin' they understandin' me;
Give me a break what world do you live in?.
My pants are saggin' braided hair;
suckers stare but I don't care.
My game ain't knowledge my game's fear.
I've no remorse so squares beware
But my true mission is just revenge
You ain't in my sect you ain't my friend;
Wear the wrong color your life could end.
homicide's my favorite binge.
So I'll just walk like a giant police defiant
You'll say to stop but I'll say that I can't;
my gangs my family its all that I have.
I'm a star; on the walls my autograph
You don't like it so you know where you can go.
'cause the streets are my stage and terror's my show.
psycho analyze tried diagnosin' me why?.
It wasn't your brother that brutally died;
But it was mine. so let me define
my territory don't cross the line.
Don't try to act crazy
cause that shit don't phase me.
If you ran like a punk
it wouldn't amaze me.
cause my colors death
thou we all want peace;
but our war won't end
they'll always see.
The club was far from empty .
It was crowded at the entry .
I slide right through like how I do
this girl began to tempt me .
She said her name Shaiyeeda .
I could tell her mama feed her .
when they tight and when them jeans don't fit
I'm L nice to meet ya .
I could feel my body yearnin' .
the room just started turnin' .
didn't wanna go out on the floor
but this girl was so determined .
my brain began to sizzle .
I'm sweatin' just a little .
on the dance floor in the middle .
she turned around and giggled .
she said .
temptation is a mother .
how we lust . for one another .
we barely know each other .
yet we're whilin' like we're lovers .
the air is filled with passion .
the strobe lights are flashin' .
the hustlers throw cash in .
the bar tender keeps splashin' .
her moves were so erotic .
her games were so hypnotic .
I begged this girl to stop it .
but she continued to pop it .
you know I know you like it .
let me hit you on your sidekick .
coz the after party . is at my body .
meet me you're invited .
she licked . off . her lip . gloss .
her hips .toss . back . and forth .
side . to side . and up . and down .
she touched . the ground . it turned . me out .
I'm battling desire .
lord help me douse this fire .
this internal inferno .
hotter than a shot of cuervo .
her top was short and purple .
belly dancin' in a circle .
when I feel like this I can't resist
stop it don't make me hurt you .
she said
ever had one of them day wish you would've stayed home
run into a group of niggas who gettin' they hate on
you walk by they get wrong
you reply then shit get blown
way outta proportion . way past discussion
just you against them pick one then rush 'em .
figure you'll get jumped hell that's nothing
they don't wanna stop there now they bussin' .
now you gushin' . ambulance rushin' you
to the hospital with a bad concussion
plus ya hit four times plus it hit your spine
paralyzed waist down now ya wheel chair bound
nevermind that now you lucky to be alive
just think it all started you fussin' with three guys
now ya pride in the way but ya pride is the way
you could fuck around get shot die anyday
niggas die everyday . all over bull shit
dope money dice game ordinary hood shit
could this be 'cause of hip hop music
or did the ones with the good sense not use it
usually niggaz don't know what to do when
their back against the wall so they just start shootin'
for red or for blue or for blow I guess
from bankhead into your projects .
I ain't never been scared I lived through tragic
situation could've been dead lookin' back at it .
most of that shit didn't even have to happen .
but you don't think about it when you out there trappin'
in apartments hangin' . smokin' and rappin'
niggas start shit next thing ya know we cappin'
get locked up then didn't even get mad
now think about damn what a life I had
most of that shit look back just laugh
some shit still look back get sad .
maybe my homeboy still be around
had I not hit the nigga in the mouth that time
I won that fight I lost that war
I can still see my nigga walkin' out that door
who'da thought i'd never see Philant no more
got enough dead homies I don't want no more
cost a nigga his job cost me more
i'd a took that ass whoopin' now for sure
now think before I risk my life .
take them chances to get my stripe .
a nigga put his hands on me alright
otherwise stand there talk shit all night
'cause I hit you and you sue me
I shoot you get locked up who me
I met this chick and she just moved right up the block from me
and uh she got the hots for me
the finest thing my hood done seen
but oh no no . she gotta man and a son doh oh .
but that's okay 'cause I .
wait for my cue and just listen play my position
like a shortstop . pick up e'rything mami hittin'
and in no time I . I plan to make this one here mine
ine and that's for sure 'cause I .
I never been the type to . break up a happy home but uh there's
somethin' bout baby girl I just can't leave alone
so tell me ma what's it gonna be
she said you don't know what you mean to me .
I see a lot and you look and I never say a word
I know how niggaz start actin' trippin' out here about they girls
there's no way hey . Nelly gon' fight over no dame ame .
as you can see but I .
I like your steez your style your whole demeanor
the way you come through and holla
and swoop me in his two seater
now that's gangsta uh . and I got special ways to thank yah uh .
don't you forget it but uh .
it ain't that easy for you to pack up and leave him
but uh . you and dirty got ties for different reasons
I respect that and right before I turn to leave
she said you don't know what you mean to me
Go go . go Fifty in the house
Bounce . y'all already know what I'm about .
The flow sound sicker over Dre drums nigga
I ain't stupid I see Doc . then my doe come quicker whoa! .
Shorty hips is hypnotic she moves it's so erotic
Girl watch I'm like bounce that ass girl .
I get it crunk in here . I make it jump in here
Front in here we'll thump in here ohh! .
So gutter so ghetto so hood .
So gully so grimey what's good .
Outside the Benz on dubs I'm in the club wit the snub
Don't start nothin' there won't be nothin' uhh! .
Let's party Everybody stand up .
Everybody put your hands up .
Let's party Everybody bounce wit me .
Some champagne and burn a little greenery .
It's hot! . Disco inferno
Let's go! . You're now rockin' wit a pro .
I get dough to flip dough to get more fuh sho' .
Get my drink on then get on the dance floor
Look homie I don't dance all I do is this .
It's the same two step wit a lil twist .
Listen punk I ain't new to this I'm true to this .
Pay attention boy I'll teach you how to do this shit
You mix a little Goose wit a little Dom Perignon
And a little Hennessy you know we fin to carry on
hallin' at these shorties in the club tryin' to get right
We gon be up in this bitch till we break daylight .
You see me shinin' lit up wit diamonds
'Cause I stay grindin' .
Homie you can catch me swoopin'
Bentley Coupin' switchin' lanes haha! .
If you see me rollin' you know I'm holdin'
I'm bout my paper yeah!
Nigga I'm serious I ain't playin'
I'll embed it in your brain I'm off the chain . G Unit .
Next level now turn it up a notch .
Em and Dre sent me to tear up the spot .
Front on me oh no you know I'm loco
Hands up on the dance floor okay let's go
emcees try'na play post . play me up close . brag and boast ya know .
things like that make me weary but .
I never let a rapper get near me cuz
I'm Rob Base . pick up the pace .
it takes more than beats to rock this place .
it takes more than rhymes to rock this time .
rhyme for rhyme the Base design
M Cs get mad . cuz I'm blowin' up .
to every battle . the base keeps showin' up .
a fast tempo . a with a hook .
don't judge a book by the way that the cover look .
cuz I'm mean . reign supreme .
wrote my first rhyme at the age of fifteen .
I'm like a match when struck I burn .
not concerned cuz I'm sure that ya won't learn .
now git up . and let's start .
I wanna see which sucka got heart .
I get fresh . as I get older .
every time I rock I get bolder
so don't sleep . and say I'm wack .
cuz if ya do ya get backslap backslap .
drop your ego . and let me go
and just show what I know cuz I'm on the go
I rock smooth bust a move hit me .
and the way I perform you can't forget me
Clear off the smoke . this ain't a joke .
the new kid on the block is like dope
been here for a while . been all punishment .
but now I'm on . so let's start it .
no I'm not retarded . or either crazy .
I work hard . I'm not lazy
rappers don't faze me . or eve amaze me .
or either come up close and just graze me
coolin' . neva be a fool and
gimme just a little mo' time I be rulin' .
tell it to the mack . cuz I'm on wax .
but should I pay tac . or should I just act .
to get a new job . yes . time is what I'm pressed for .
every time perform ya want more so .
ah break it down . to get the dope sound
then hang around with the posse from uptown .
on the ave . they get cash .
but I leave it alone cuz I'm a smash .
on the mic . I think differently . a from another or other MC who .
intervene try to just rip . up the rob on the sneak tip .
I get mad . they get sad . or either rag the had cuz I'm that bad .
I'm not frontin' . cuz this is my theory .
you don't believe me . so just hear me .
I rock harder . I rock longer .
I do this cuz I gotta get stronger .
a lotta rappers rhyme harder and meaner .
.but I rhyme with the sound that's cleaner .
I ain't nuthin' . that's what they say .
well OK if they wanna play that way .
cuz I'm Rob butt kickin' Base .
what rapper is next to be erased .
.on my list I'm not known to diss
but I'll do it . so don't sleep on this c'mon
hit it admit it ya did it ya can't fit it .
so forget it cuz I know you ain't wit' it .
in the centre . I didn't rent her .
sat cha butt in the chair got a splinta
back in the days . amazed by the rap craze
rap today . to me it don't faze me .
I'm not another M C . or angry by the way ya speak to me .
jealousy what makes you wanna battle me .
dope beats what makes you wanna idol me .
it ain't nuthin' to me or E Z
cuz I'm the R the O the B . and he's E Z .
I bust a fee whereever it be ya see .
he or me the E the Z the A the B
alphabet's from a to Z ya see .
I'm not try'na confuse your mind .
I'm just tryin' to pump this plain old fresh rhyme .
I stay calm rap like a pro .
I know ya know so let's go c'mon .
It's been three weeks since you were lookin' for your Friend
the one you let hit it and never called you again .
member when he told you he was bout the benjamins
you act like you ain't here him but gave him a little trim
to begin . how you think you're really going pretend .
like you wasn't down and you called him again
plus when . you give it up so easy you ain't even foolin' him .
if you did it then then you'd probably do again .
talkin' out your neck sayin' you're a christian .
a muslim sleepin' with the gin
now that was the sin that did jezebel in
who you goin' tell when the repercussions spin .
showin' off your ass 'cause you're thinkin' it's a trend
girlfriend . let me break it down for you again .
you know I only say it 'cause I'm truly genuine
don't be a hard rock when you really are a gem
baby girl . respect is just the minimum .
nigga's creepin' and you still defendin' him
now Lauryn is only human .
don't think I haven't been through the same predicament
Let it sit inside your head like a million women in Philly been .
it's silly when girls sell their souls because it's in .
look at what you be in hair weaves like Europeans
fake nails up out Koreans .
come again .
The second verse is dedicated to the men .
more concerned with his rims and his Tims than his women
him and his men . come in the club like hooligans
don't care who they offend poppin' game like you got yen
let's stop pretend . the ones that pack pistol by they waist men
cristal by the case men Still livin' mother's basement
The pretty face men Claimin' that they did a bid men .
Need to take care of their three and four kids
but they facing court case when the child support's . late
Money takin' heart breakin' now you wonder why women hate men
the sleepy silent men .
the punk domestic violence men
And quick to shoot the scene to stop actin' like boys and be men
How you gonna win when you ain't right within .
How you gonna win when you ain't right within .
How you gonna win when you ain't right within .
Uhuh .
Come again .
down with the king for years about ten of 'em .
recruiting suckers Mac and Mike and makin' men of 'em .
tears and fears for my peers . they rippin' .
you think that it is it is if not it isn't .
race for the border my daughter 'cause beats you're bangin' out .
jeeps rockin' beats in the streets when there's time for hangin' out .
gather . or rather form a circle around a loud
'cause the brothers or others could never ever rock a crowd .
is it . because he's runnin' off with the mouth .
or was he really clearly tryin' play a nigga out .
nope shut him down . the king with a crown .
'cause all you wanna be is dicky down .
two years ago a friend of mine .
asked me to say some M C rhymes
so I said this rhyme I'm about to say .
the rhyme was Mecca and then it went this way .
wrecka lecka Mecca mic check on the windmill skills
mac distracts wearing Godfather hats .
it's okay to parlay to forte better .
tell 'em my nigga made a sweater tougher than leather .
swing another Rodney king thing in our right
we're just like the white one I get no respect .
money stay awake 'cause them other niggas are fake
from Hollis to the beacon now your dumb ass is leakin' .
C L and run D M C so rush it .
big time way before hammer got to touch it .
remember the faces . in all types of places
look ma no shoelaces .
and I'm .
I'm takin' the tours . I'm wreckin' the land .
I keep it hardcore 'cause it's dope man .
these are the roughest toughest words I ever wrote down .
not meant for a hoe like a slow jam . check it .
sucka emcees could never swing with D .
because of all the things that I bring with me .
only G O D could be a king to me .
and if the G O D be in me then the king I be .
the microphone is granted when it's handed to me .
I was planted on this planet and I plan to emcee .
the emcee fiends only seem to agree .
that I rock all the world and the society .
I rages on the stages with a tune of verse .
I get praises from these pages to the universe .
my voice is raw . my lyrics is law .
I keep it hardcore like you never saw you wanna be .
I'm the man you see in the place to be
I went to John Jay University .
and since kindergarten I acquired the knowledge .
and after twelfth grade I went straight to college .
down with the kings on the mic a full swinger
the P to the R not a R & B singer .
the R to the U N D MC 'n
the fly human beings tonight I hold the key and .
flowin' with the funk track here to soul brother black
pick up the bass better yet leave a space .
so let me put my big black twinkie on in . to the early mornin' .
had the skins dawnin' .
Mecca . yo you want the Mecca .
yo I'll make a funky beat so we can blow check it out .
Pete Rock's the beat knock . put you in a headlock
and now all the outty out . flock is I'm down with the kings .
I'm a nice dude . with some nice dreams
see these ice cubes . see these ice creams .
eligible batchler . million dollar boat .
that's whiter than what's spillin' down your throat .
the phantom . exterior like fish eggs
the interior like suicide wrist red .
I can excercise you . this can be your Phys Ed .
Cheat on your man ma that's how you get a his ed
killer wit the beat I know killers in the street
wit the steel that'll make you feel like chinchilla in the heat .
so don't try to run up on my ear
talkin' all that raspy shit . tryna ask me shit .
when my niggaz fill ya vest they ain't gon pass me shit .
you should think about it . take a second .
matter fact . you should take four B .
and think before you fuck wit lil skateboard P .
I'm a gangsta . but y'all knew that .
da big boss Dogg yeah I had to do that .
I keep a blue flag hangin' out my backside
but only on the left side yeah that's the crip side .
ain't no other way to play the game the way I play .
I cut so much you thought I was a DJ
Two eebi eebi one yep three .
S N double O P D O double G .
I can't fake it just break it and when I take it
see I specialize in makin' all the girls get naked .
so bring your friends all of y'all come inside
we got a world premiere right here now get live .
so don't change the dizzle . turn it up a little .
I got a livin' room full of fine dime brizzles .
waiting on the pizzle the dizzle . and the shizzle .
G's to the bizzack . now ladies here we gizzo .
I'm a bad boy . wit a lotta ho's .
drive my own cars and wear my own clothes .
I hang out tough . I'm a real boss .
big Snoop Dogg . yeah he's so sharp .
on the TV screen and in the magazines .
if you play me close . you're on a red beam .
oh you got a gun so you wanna pop back
AK fortyseven now nigga stop that .
C mid shoes . now I'm on the move .
you're family's crying . now you on the news .
they can't find you . and now they miss you .
must I remind you I'm only here to twist you .
pistol whip you dip you then flip you
then dance to this motherfuckin' music we crip to .
subscribe nigga get yo issue .
baby come close . let me see how you get loose
Yeah I'm out that Brooklyn now I'm down in Tri Becca
right next to Deniro but I'll be forever
I'm the new Sinatra and since I made it here
I can make it anywhere yeah they love me everywhere
I used to cop in Harlem all of my Dominicano's
Right there up on Broadway
pull me back to that McDonald's
Took it to my stash box five sixty State Street.
Catch me in the kitchen like a Simmons with them Pastry's
Cruisin' down eighth Street off white Lexus
drivin' so slow but B K is from Texus
Me I'm out that Bed Stuy home of that boy Biggie
now I live on Billboard and I brought my boys with me.
Say what up to Ty Ty. Still sippin' mai tai's
sittin' court side; Knicks and Nets give me high five;
Nigga I be Spiked out I could trip a referee
Tell by my attitude that I'm most definitely from.
Catch me at the X with O G at a Yankee game;
Shit I made the Yankee hat more famous then a Yankee can.
You should know I bleed blue but I ain't a Crip though;
but I got a gang of niggas walkin' with my clique though.
Welcome to the meltin' pot; corners where we sellin' rock;
Afrika Bambataa shit home of the hip hop.
Yellow cab gypsy cab dollar cab holla back;
for foreigners it ain't fair they act like they forgot how to act.
eight million stories out there in the naked city
is a pity half of y'all won't make it.
Me I gotta plug Special Ed I Got it Made.
If Jeezy payin' LeBron I'm payin' Dwayne Wade;
Three dice cee lo three card molly
Labor Day Parade rest in peace Bob Marley
Statue of Liberty long live the World Trade.
Long live the King yo I'm from the Empire State that's.
Lights is blindin' girls need blinders
so they can step out of bounds quick; the sidelines is
lined with casualties who sip the life casually
then gradually become worse; don't bite the apple Eve.
Caught up in the in crowd now you're in style;
Anna Wintour gets cold in Vogue wi'tcha skin out.
City of sin. It's a pity on the whim.
Good girls gone bad the city's filled with them;
Mami took a bus trip now she got her bust out;
Everybody ride her just like a bus route.
Hail Mary to the city you're a virgin
And Jesus can't save you;
life starts when the church end.
Came here for school graduated to the high life;
Ball players rap stars addicted to the limelight
MDMA got you feelin' like a champion
The city never sleeps better slip you an Ambien
now the party didn't start till I walked in
and I probably wont leave until the thing ends .
but in the mean time the in between time .
if you work your thing then i'll work mine .
we came here together so we could have fun .
me and you baby goin' one on one
now this is the last chance for us to get off .
so either get loose or you ought to get lost
'cause I'm just about ready to do my thing
'cause I'm the stone cold new york . rap machine .
I'mma give you what I got and baby that's plenty .
you'll never have one that rocks so many
I'mma make you wet . and make you sweat .
just to see how funky you can get .
now when I'm on the mic I do serve well
and I go by the name of the rapper Jalil .
now sit back relax put on your head gear .
get ready for a trip through the atmosphere .
gonna take you for a ride through the twilight zone
I don't need a space ship I use my microphone .
so hold on tight . with all your might
'cause i'll be rappin' like this for the rest of the night .
it's Jalil y'all your master rapper .
and when I'm on the mic it's a sheer disaster
'cause MCs crumble when we rumble .
some think im soft just because im humble .
so all you MC's I hope you're real good listeners
'cause in this battle I'm takin' no prisoners
I'm slayin' MCs right on the spot
'cause I'm the master of the rap the doctor of the rock .
the jack of all trades the master of one
and the thing I'm at is called havin' fun .
we got three minutes left . to rock this funk .
to separate the good stuff from the junk so .
get in the groove . and feel the sound .
and once you're inside spread yourself around .
from the bottom to the top the top . to the bottom .
come on master dee and get funky while we got 'em .
me and my partner from the start .
we usually together . after dark .
sometimes to rap . sometimes to sing .
in the summer or the winter cause it ain't no thing .
and ever since I first came round .
side by side . we'd throw down .
we came here to this here place .
to serve you all right to your face
because this jam here is our show stopper .
we didn't wanna do it but I guess we gotta
we're the men of the hour makin' the ladies scream and holler .
to hot to trot to sweet to be sour .
I'm gonna set the record straight
and I hope that it is not too late .
if you want the best I wont settle for less .
put your money on me I'm your best bet
come on
one for the treble .
two for the bass .
three for the ladies .
four for the played .
five minutes of funk . this ain't no junk .
so pull your bottom off the tree stump .
ladies real pretty . city to city .
but now we're gettin' down to the nitty gritty
from the bottom to the top . top . to the bottom .
im gonna rock 'em while I still got 'em
our rappin' shower has style and power
and this . is our disco hour
I don't know if . all of you have heard .
so it's up to me to spread the word
about the man that we feel has got to be real .
our crowned prince on the wheels of steel .
he goes by the name of grandmaster dee .
so if it's alright with you it's alright with me .
we gonna rock you people's minds with ease .
with some help from the meastro if you please
friends is a word we use everyday .
most the time we use it . in the wrong way .
now you can look the word up again and again .
but the dictionary doesn't know the meaning of friends
and if you ask me you know I couldn't be much help .
because a friend's somebody you judge for yourself .
some are OK . and they treat you real cool .
but some mistake your kindness for bein' a fool
we like to be with some . because they're funny .
others come around when they need some money .
some you grew up with . around the way .
and you're still real close too this very day .
homeboys through the summer winter spring and fall .
and then there's some we wish we never knew at all
and this list goes on . again and again .
but these are the people that we call friends .
when we first went out together we barely knew each other .
we had no intentions . on becoming lovers
but in no time at all you became my girl .
me and you one on one . against the world .
talkin' on the telephone for hours at a time
or else I was at your house or you was at mine .
and then came the arguments and all kinds of problems .
besides makin' love we had nothing in common .
it could've lasted long because it started out strong
but I guess we went about the whole thing wrong .
'cause out of nowhere it just came to an end
because we became lovers before we were friends .
you say you and your girlfriend were so tight .
you took her out with you and your guy one night .
she even had a set of keys to your home
and you shared mostly everything you owned
but as she shook your hand she stole your man
and it was done so swift it had to be a plan
couldn't trust her with cheese let alone your keys .
with friends like that you don't need enemies .
you wonder how long it was all going on
and your still not sure if your man is gone
you say well if she took him he was never mine .
but deep inside you know thats just another lie .
and now you're kinda cold tward the people you meet .
'cause of somethin' that was done to you by some creep .
but never the less . i'll say it again .
that these are the people that we call friends .
As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death .
I take a look at my life . and realize there's nuttin' left .
'Cause I've been blastin' and laughin' so long
that . Even my mama thinks that my mind is gone
But I ain't never crossed a man that didn't deserve it .
Me be treated like a punk you know that's unheard of .
You better watch how you talkin' . and where you walkin' .
Or you and your homies might be lined in chalk .
I really hate to trip but I gotta loc .
As they croak I see myself in the pistol smoke .
fool . I'm the kinda G the little homies wanna be like
On my knees in the night sayin' prayers in the street light .
Look at the situation they got me facin' .
I can't live a normal life . I was raised by the strict .
So I gotta be down with the hood team .
Too much television watchin' got me chasin' dreams .
I'm a educated fool with money on my mind .
Got my ten in my hand and a gleam in my eye .
I'm a loced out gangsta set . trippin' banger .
And my homies is down so don't arouse my anger .
fool . Death ain't nothin' but a heartbeat away
I'm livin' life . do or die a . what can I say? .
I'm twenty three now but will I live to see twenty four?
The way . things is goin' I don't know .
Power and the money . Money and the power .
Minute after minute . hour after hour .
Everybody's runnin' . but half of them ain't lookin'
It's goin' on in the kitchen . but I don't know what's cookin' .
They say I gotta learn but nobody's here to teach me .
If they can't understand it . how can they reach me? .
I guess they can't . I guess they won't .
I guess they front . that's why I know my life is outta luck fool
on your mark ready set let's go . dance floor pro
I know you know I go psycho
when my new joint hit . just can't sit .
gotta get jiggy wi' it ooh that's it
now honey honey come ride . D K N Y .
all up in my eye you gotta . Prada .
bag with a lotta . stuff in it
give it to your friend let's spin . air body lookin' at me
glancin' the kid wishin' they was dancin' a jig
here with this handsome kid ciga cigar
right from Cuba Cuba I just bite it .
it's for the look . I don't light it .
ill way the an may on the ance day or flay .
give it up jiggy make it feel like foreplay
yo my cardio is infinite . ha ha .
big Willie style's all in it . gettin' jiggy wit it .
what . you wanna ball with the kid .
watch your step you might fall
tryna do what I did
mama uh mama uh mama come closer
in the middle of the club with the rub a dub . uh .
no love for the haters the haters
mad 'cause I got floor seats at the lakers
see me on the fifty yard line with the raiders .
met Ali he told me . I'm the greatest .
I got the fever . for the flavor of a . crowd pleaser .
DJ play another . from the prince of this
your highness . only mad chicks ride in my whips .
south to the west to the east to the north
bought my hits and watch 'em go off a go off
ah yes yes y'all .
'n ya don't stop . in the winter or the summertime
I makes it hot . gettin' jiggy wit 'em .
eight fifty I S if you need a lift
who's the kid in the drop who else Will Smith .
livin' that life some consider a myth .
rock from south street to one two fifth .
women used to tease me give it to me now nice and easy .
since I moved up like george and wheezy .
cream to the maximum I be askin' 'em
would you like to bounce with the brother that's platinum .
never see will attackin' 'em .
rather play ball with ~haq and um . flatten 'em .
psych . kiddin'
you thought I took a spill . but I didn't
trust . the lady of my life she hittin' .
hit her with a drop top . with the ribbon .
crib for my mom on the outskirts of Philly
you . tryna flex on me .
don't be silly . getting jiggy wit it
with so much drama in the L B C
it's kinda hard bein' snoop D O double G
but I . somehow some way .
keep comin' up with funky ass shit like every single day .
may . I . kick a little somethin' for the G's .
and . make a few ends as I breeze . through .
two in the mornin' and the party's still jumpin'
'cause my momma ain't home
I got bitches in the livin' room gettin' it on
and . they ain't leavin' til six in the mornin' .
so what you wanna do .
shit I got a pocket full of rubbers and my home boys do too .
so turn off the lights and close the doors .
but but what we don't love them hoes yeah
so we gonna smoke a ounce to this .
G's up hoes down while you motherfuckers bounce to this .
now . that . I got me some seagram's gin .
everybody got they cups but they ain't chipped in .
now this types of shit . happens all the time .
you got to get yours but fool I gotta get mine
everything is fine when you listenin' to the D O G
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he .
who listens . to the words that I speak
as I take me a drink to the middle of the street
and get to mackin' to this bitch named Sadie .
she used to be the home boy's lady Oh .
eighty degrees when I tell that bitch please
raise up off these N U Ts 'cause you gets none of these
at ease . as I mob with the Dogg Pound
feel the breeze biotch I'm just .
later on that day . my homey Doctor Dre
came through with a gang of Tanqueray .
and a fat ass J . of some bubonic chronic
that made me choke shit this ain't no joke
I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down .
Tanqueray and chronic yeah I'm fucked up now .
but it ain't no stoppin' . I'm still poppin' .
Dre got some bitches from the city of Compton
to serve me not with a cherry on top .
'cause when I bust my nut . I'm raisin' up off the cot .
don't get upset girl that's just how it goes
I don't love you hoes I'm out the . do' . and i'll be
take advantage of tonight .
'cause tomorrow I'm off to do battle perform for a princess
but tonight . I can make you my queen
and make . love to you endless
it's insane to wait the name growin'
money keep flowin' hustlers move beside us
so I'm tip toein' to . keep blowin'
I got it locked up . like . Lindsay Lohan
reach for the stars . and if you don't grab them
at least you fall on top of the world
think about it . 'cause if you slip I'm gon' fall on top of yo girl .
what I'm involved with is deep and it amazes baby baby and it ain't no secret .
my family from Cuba but I'm an American idol gettin' money like Seacrest
I was walking down the street rocking my beat
clapping my hands and stomping my feet.
I saw a little lady so neat and petite.
She was so sweet; Yes I wanted to meet.
And so I asked this lady could I take her out.
:We could wine and dine and talk about
the birds and the bees in my waterbed.
,And you could treat me like a Buddha and bow your head.
We continued to talk ,and before you knew it
we were at my house ,and it was time to do it.
As soon as I finished I lost my poise
,Ran outside and told all my boys.
:I said listen up fellas. Come over here +bust it.
They said did you get it? I said yeah.
I rocked her to the left, Rocked her to the right,
She felt so good. Hugged me so tight.
I said good night.
Three days later:
Woke up fussing yelling and cussing.
Drip drip dripping and puss puss pussing.
I went to the bathroom and said: mama mia
I'm a kill that girl next time I see her.
The madder I got the more I reminice:
Why is my thing thing burning like this?
Well I remember the first day I saw that girl:
I just couldn't wait to rock her world.
I said hey good looking what you got cooking?
What have I done stuck my dick in?
Now I know why her ex boyfriend Dave
calls her misses microwave:
'Cause she was hotter than an oven and I had to learn
the hard way: stay in the microwave too long you get burned.
I went to the doctor's office; I said what have I got?
He said turn around boy and take this shot.
I looked at him like he was crazy and I said what?
Ain't nobody sticking nothing in my butt.
He turned and said in a real deep voice
have it your way if that's your choice.
And I'll put it down if you want me to put it
but don't blame me if it turns into a foot
extending from the middle of your body.
And the next time you see your cute hottie
you won't be able to screw. The only thing you can do
is just kick her so go take karate.
As I turned around to receive my injection
I said next time I'll use some protection.
If I see another girl and I get an erection
I'm walking in the other direction
'Cause I don't wanna do the sick sick dance.
So I'm keeping my prick inside my pants.
And if I see another girl and I know I can rock her
before I push up I'll make her go see the doctor.
when the la la hits ya lyrics just splits ya .
head so hard . that ya hat can't fit ya .
either I'm wit cha or against ya .
format venture . back through that maze I sent ya .
talkin' to the rap inventor .
nigga wit the game tight bic that flame right .
spell my name right . BI . double GI . E .
iced out lights out me and Cease a Leo .
Gettin' head from some chick he know .
see it's all about the cheddar . nobody do it better .
going back to Cali strictly for the weather .
women . and the weed . sticky green .
no seeds bitch please . poppa ain't soft .
dead up in the hood . ain't no love lost .
got me mixed up you drunk them licks up .
mad 'cause I got my dick sucked .
and my balls licked forfeit the game is mine .
I'ma spell my name one more time . check it .
its the NO . TO . RI . O .
U S . you just . lay down . slow .
recognize a real don when you see Juan .
sippin' on booze in the House of Blues .
If I got to choose a coast I got to choose the east .
I live out there so don't . go there .
but that don't mean a nigga can't rest in the west .
see some nice breasts in the west .
smoke some nice sess in the west y'all niggaz is a mess
thinkin' I'm gon stop . givin' LA props .
all I got is beef with those that violate me .
I shall annihilate thee .
case closed suitcase filled with clothes .
linens and things . I begin things .
beeper start to flash . eightoneeight's . twoonethree's
threeone threes's BI G Frequently floss hoes at Roscoe's .
If I wanna squirt her . take her to fatburger .
Spend about a week on Venice beach .
Sippin' CristO with some freaks from Frisco .
Cali got gunplay models on the runway
Scream Biggie Biggie gimme one more chance
I be whippin' on the freeway the NYC way
on the celly celly with my homeboy Lance
Pass hash from left to right .
Only got five blunts left to light . I'm set tonight .
Met a bitch at the Versace store
said she suck it 'til I ain't got no more . only in LA .
Bust on bitches belly . Rub it in they tummy
Lick it . say it's yummy then Fuck yo' man
What's yo' plan? Is it to rock the Tri State .
Almost gold five G's a show date .
or do you wanna see about seven digits .
Fuck hoes exquisite . Cali . great place to visit .
Cutie the bomb Met her at a beauty salon
With a baby Louis Vuitton Under her underarm
She said I can tell you rock I can tell by your charm
Far as girls you got a flock
I can tell by your charm and your arm
But I'm lookin' for the one Have you seen her? .
My psychic told me she uh have an ass like Serena .
Trina . Jennifer Lopez four kids
And I gotta take all they bad ass to show biz
OK . get your kids . but then they got their friends .
I pulled up in the Benz . they all got up in .
We all went to Den . and then I had to pay
If you fuckin' with this girl then you better be paid
You know why . take too much to touch her .
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta .
My best friend says she use to fuck with Usher .
I don't care what none of yall say I still love her
eighteen years . eighteen years
She got one of your kids got you for eighteen years
I know somebody payin' child support for one of his kids
His baby mamma car crib is bigger than his .
You will see him on TV . any given Sunday .
Win the Superbowl . and off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty TYCO with your money .
She went to the doctor got lypo with your money .
She walkin' . lookin' like Michael with your money .
Should've got that insured GEICO for your money money .
If you ain't no punk .
holla we want prenup . We want prenup Yeah
It's somethin' that you need to have
'Cause when she leave yo ass she gonna leave with half .
eighteen years . eighteen years
And on her eighteenth birthday he found out it wasn't his .
Now I ain't sayin' you're a gold digger you got needs
You don't wanna your to smoke but he can't buy weed
You got outta eat he can't pay ya'll can't leave .
There's dishes in the back he gotta roll up his sleeves
But . why ya'll washin' watch him .
He gone make it to a Benz out of that Datsun .
He got that ambition baby . look in his eyes .
This week he moppin' floors next week it's the fries
So . stick by his side .
I know this dude's ballin' but yeah that's nice .
And they gone keep callin' and tryin' But you stay right girl
But when you get on he leave your ass for a white girl
welcome to the good life . where niggaz'll sell D .
won't even get pulled over in they new V .
the good life . let's go on a livin' spree .
shit they say the best things in life are free .
the good life . it feel like Atlanta
it feel like L A it feel like Miami
it feel like N Y . summertime chi .
I now throw yo' hands up in the sky .
so I roll through good .
y'all pop the trunk . I pop the hood . ferrari .
and she got the goods .
and she got that ass . I got to look . sorry .
Yo it's gots to because I'm seasoned
haters give me them salty looks . lawry's
Fifty told me go 'head switch the style up
and if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up
the good life .
Welcome to the good life .
Where we like the girls who ain't on TV
'cause they got more ass than the models
the good life . so keep it comin' with the bottles
'cause she feel booze like she bombed at Apollo
The good life . It feel like Houston
it feel like Philly . it feel like D C .
It feel like V A or the bay or yay .
ay . This is the good life .
Homey tell me what's good .
Why I only got a problem when you in the hood Welcome good .
like I'm new in the hood .
The only thing I wish . I wish a nigga would .
He probably think he could .
but . but . I don't think he should .
Fifty told me go head switch the style up
and if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up
The good life .
Have you ever popped champagne on a plane . while gettin' some brain
Whipped it out she said I never seen snakes on a plane .
Whether you broke or rich you gotta get this
Havin' money's not everything not havin' it is
I was splurgin' on tryst . but when I get my card back
Ac . tivated . I'm back to Vegas
'Cause . I always had a passion for flashin'
before I had it I closed my eyes and imagined The good life .
yo . it's about that time .
to bring . forth . the rhythm and the rhyme .
I'm a get mine . so get yours .
I wanna see sweat comin' out your pores .
on the house tip is how I'm swingin' this .
strictly hip hop boy I ain't singin' this .
bringin' this . to the entire nation .
black white red . brown
feel the vibration .
the vibrations good like sun kissed .
many wanna know who done this .
Marky mark . and I'm here to move you
rhymes will groove you .
and I'm here to prove to you .
that we can party on the positive side
and pump positive vibes
so come along for the ride .
making you feel the rhythm is my occupation .
so feel the vibration .
Donnie d's on the back up .
drug free . so put the crack up .
no need for speed
I'm anti . D R U G G I E my .
body is healthy .
my rhymes make me wealthy .
and the funky bunch helps me .
to bring you a show with no intoxication .
come on . feel the vibration .
now the time has come for you to get up .
the rest had you fed up but yo I won't let up .
on the rhythm and rhyme that's designed to .
make your behind move . to what I'm inclined to .
pure hip hop . no sell out .
if you ain't . in it to win it
then get the hell out .
I command you to dance
I wanna see motivation .
come on now feel the vibration .
I was bouncin' through the club
she love the way I ditty bop .
I see her boyfriend hatin' like a city cop .
Now I ain't never been a chicken but my fitted cocked .
Said I ain't never been a chicken but my semi cocked .
Now where ya bar at . I'm tryin' da run it out .
And we so bout it bout it . now what are you a bout
DJ showed them love he said my name when the music stop .
Young money Lil Wayne then the music drop .
I make it snow . I make it flurry .
I make it all back tomorrow don't worry .
Yeah young Wayne on then hoes .
AKA mister make it rain on them hoes
young money .
It go one for the money . Two for the show .
Now clap your hands if you got a bankroll yeah .
Like some clap on lights in this bitch .
I'ma be clappin' all night in this bitch .
Lights off . Mask on .
Creep silent . She smiling .
He muggin' . Who cares .
'cause my goons . are right here .
Like its nothin' . to a big dog .
I a great dane . I wear eight chains .
I mean so much ice . they yell skate wayne .
She wanna fuck Weezy . She wanna rape Wayne .
OK it's young Wayne on them hoes .
AKA mister make it rain on them hoes
like Yeah . and everybody say it .
mister rain man can we have a rainy day .
Bring an umbrella please bring an umbrella .
ella . ella . ella . Eh .
Bitch ain't shit but a hoe and a trick
but you know it ain't . trickin' if . you got it .
you know we ain't . fuckin' if . you not thick
And I'll cool your ass down if you think you hot shit .
So Rolex watch this I do it four five six
my click . clack go da black po pip
and just like it I blow that shit
'Cause bitch I'm the bomb like tick . tick BI
got thirty down at the bottom . thirty mo at the top .
all invisible set . and little ice cube blocks .
if I could call it a drink . call it a smile on the rocks .
if I could call out a price lets say I call out a lot .
I got like platinum white gold traditional gold
I'm changin' grills every day . like jay change clothes
I might be grilled out nicely oh in my white tee oh
or on south beach oh in my wife be
V V and studded . you can tell when they cut it
ya see my grand mama hate it . but my lil mama love it
'cause when I
open up ya mouth ya grill gleamin' .
eyes stay low from the chiefin'
I got a grill I call penny candy you know what that mean
it look like now n' laters gum drops jelly beans
I wouldn't leave it for nothin' only a crazy man would .
so if you catch me in ya city somewhere out in ya hood .
just say .
what it do baby . its the ice man Paul Wall .
I got my mouth lookin' somethin' like a disco ball .
I got the diamonds and the ice all hand set
I might 'cause a cold front if I take a deep breath .
my teeth gleamin' like I'm chewin' on aluminum foil
smilin' showin' off my diamonds sippin' on some poe tin oil .
I put my money where my mouth is and bought a grill
twenty karats thirty stacks let 'em know I'm so fo real .
my motivation is them thirty pointers V V S
the furniture in my mouth piece simply symbolize success .
I got the wrist wear and neck wear thats captivatin' .
but its what smiles that got these arms lookers spectatin' .
my mouth piece simply certified a total package
open up my mouth and you see more carrots than a salad .
my teeth are mind blowin' givin' everybody chills
call me george foreman 'cause I'm sellin' everybody grills
Gipp got dum yellows got dum purples got dum reds
lights gone head and make you woozy in ya head .
you can catch me in my two short drop .
mob got colors like a fruit loop box .
dis what it do when the Lou ice grill country grammar
where the hustlers move bricks and the gangstas bang hammers
where I got 'em you can spot 'em on the top in the bottom
gotta bill in my mouth like I'm Hillary Rodham
I ain't dissin' no body but lets bring it to the light .
yeah was the first wit my mouth bright white
these hos can't focus 'cause they eyesight blurry
tippin' on some fours you can see my mouth jewelry .
I got fo different sets its a fabulous thang .
one white one yellow like fabulous chain
and the other set is same got my name in the mold
had a whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold .
How could you be so .
Cold as the winter wind when it breeze yo .
Just remember that you talkin' to me though .
you need to watch the way you talkin' to me yo .
I mean after all the things that we been through .
I mean after all the things we got into .
Ayo I know its some things that you ain't told me .
ayo I did some things but that's the old me .
and now you wanna give me back and you gon' show me .
so you walk around like you don't know me .
You got a new friend . well I got homies .
But in the end it's still so lonely .
How could you be so Doctor Evil .
You bringin' out a side of me that I don't know .
I decided we weren't gonna speak so .
Why we up 3 A M on the phone .
Why do she be so mad at me for .
Homie I don't know she's hot and cold .
I won't stop won't mess my groove up
cuz I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that ya leaving me .
They say that they don't see what you see in me .
You wait a couple months then you gon' see .
You'll never find nobody better than me .
Talkin' talkin' talkin thaw .
Baby let's just knock it off .
They don't know what we been through .
They don't know 'bout me and you .
So I got somethin' new to see .
And you just gon' keep hatin' me .
and we just gon' be enemies .
I know you can't believe .
I could just leave it wrong .
and you can't make it right .
I'm gon' take off tonight into the night
Hey ladies in the place I'm callin' out to ya.
There never was a city kid truer and bluer.
There's more to me than you'll ever know
,And I've got more hits than Sadaharu Oh.
Tom Thumb Tom Cushman or Tom Foolery.
Date women on T V with the help of Chuck Woolery.
Words are flowin' out just like the Grand Canyon.
And I'm always out lookin' for a female companion.
I threw the lasso the tallest one and dragged her to the crib,
took off her moccasins put on my bib.
I'm wheelin' and dealin'. I make a little bit of stealin'
you back to the place and your dress I'm peelin'.
Your body's on time ,and your mind is appealin'.
Starin' at the cracks up there upon the ceilin'.
Such and such will be the bass that I'm throwin'.
Talkin' to a girl tellin' her I'm all knowin'.
She's talkin' to the kid. To the who?
I'm tellin' here every lie that you know that I never did.
Well . Me in the corner with a good lookin' daughter
I dropped my drawers and it was welcome back Kotter
We were cuttin' up the rug she started cuttin' up the carpet
In my apartment I begged her please stop it
The gift of gab is the gift that I have
And that girl ain't nothin' but a crab
Educated no stupid yes .
And when I say stupid I mean stupid fresh
I'm not James at fifteen or Chachi in charge
I'm Adam and I'm adamant about livin' large
With the white sassoons and the looks that kill
Makin' love in the back of my Coupe De Ville .
I met a little cutie she was all hopped up on zootie .
I liked the little cutie but I kicked her in the bootie .
'Cause I don't kinda go for that messin' around
You be listenin' to my records' a number one sound .
Step to the rhythm . to the ride
I've got an open mind so why you all get inside
Tune in turn on to my tune that's live
Ladies flock like fish to my line .
She's got a gold tooth . you know she's hardcore .
She'll show you a good time then she'll show you the door .
Break up with your girl it ended in tears
Vincent Van Gogh go and mail that ear .
I call her in the middle of the night when I'm drinkin'
The phone booth on the corner is damp and it's stinkin'
She said come on over it was me that she missed
I threw that trash can through her window cause you know I got dissed .
Your old lady left you and you went insane
You blew yourself up in the back of the 6 train
Take my advice at any price
a gorilla like your mother is mighty weak .
Suckin' down pints until I didn't know .
Woke up in the mornin' at the Won Ton Ho
Cause I announce I like girls that bounce
With the weight that pays about a pound per ounce .
Girls with curls and big long locks
And beatnik chicks just wearin' their smocks .
Walkin' high and mighty like she's number one and
She thinks she's the passionate one
It was Harlem at the Ruckers .
I saw you with your man .
smilin' huh . a coach bag in your hand
I was layin' in the coup with my hat turned back
We caught eyes for a moment . and that was that .
So I skated off . as you strolled off
lookin' at them legs god damn they looked so soft .
I gotta take ya from your man that's my mission .
if his love is real he got ta handle competition .
you only knew him five months .
besides he drink too much and smoke too many blunts
and I've been workin' out . everyday thinking bout you .
lookin' at my own eyes in the rear view .
catchin' flash backs of our eye contact .
wish I could lay ya on your stomach and caress your back .
I would hold ya in my arms . and ease your fears
I can't believe it . I ain't had a crush in years .
I see you at the bus stop waitin' everyday .
your man must think its safe for you to travel that way .
and I don't wanna violate your relationship
so I lay back in the cut with a crush that a trip .
still he can't stop me . from havin' day dreams .
tonguin' you down with huh . vanilla ice cream .
kissin' on your thighs under moonlight .
searchin' your body with my tongue girl all night .
I wonder one day could it be . simple dreams could turn into reality .
our love would come down so naturally .
we would walk down the isle of destiny .
what your man get his hustle on gotcha type scared .
break ya off a little chump change to do your hair .
that seems to be enough to satisfy your needs
but there's a deeper level . if you follow my lead .
Last week . I saw ya at the mall .
standin' at the pay phone bout to make a call .
I had a vision it was me . on the other end .
tellin' you come by . and then you walked in .
I touched you gently with my hands .
we talked about travelin' to distant lands .
escapin' all the madness out here in the world
becomin' my wife . no longer my girl
then . you let your dress fall down to the floor .
I kissed you softly and you yearned for more .
we experienced pleasure unparalleled .
into an ocean of love we both fell .
swimmin' in the timeless currents of pure bliss .
fantasies interchangin' with each kiss .
un . dyin' passion unites our souls .
together we swim until the point of no control
but . its a fantasy you won't come true .
we never even spoke and your man swear he love you .
so i'mma keep all these feelins' inside .
keep my dreams alive until the right time
Uhh Blue told me remind you niggaz
Uhh fuck that shit y'all talkin' 'bout I'm the nigga
Uhh caught up in all these lights and cameras
Uh but look what that shit did to Hammer
Uhh God damnit I like it;
bright lights is enticin' but look what it did to Tyson
All that money in one night thirty mil for one fight.
But soon as all that money blows all the pigeons take flight.
Fuck the fame keep cheatin' on me;
what I do? I took her back.
Fool me twice that's my bad I can't even blame her for that;
Enough to make me wanna murder momma please just get my bail.
Now I got tattoos on my body
Psycho bitches in my lobby
I got haters in the paper photo shoots with paparazzi
Can't even take my daughter for a walk
see 'em by the corner store.
I feel like I'm cornered off
enough is enough I'm callin' this off.
Who the fuck I'm kiddin' though?;
I'm gettin' high sittin' low.
Slidin' by in that big body curtains all in my window
This fame hurt but this chain works.
I think back you asked the same person
if this is all you had to deal with;
nigga deal with it this shit is ain't work.
This light work camera snappin' my eyes hurt.
Niggaz dyin' back where I was birthed.
Fuck your iris and the I R S.
Get the hell up off your high horse;
you got the shit that niggaz die for. Dry yours.
Why you mad? Take the good with the bad
don't throw the baby out with that bath water
You're still alive . still that nigga
Nigga you survived . still gettin' bigger
Nigga livin' the life; . vanilla wafers in a villa
Illest nigga alive . Michael Jackson's Thriller 
Love the way you activate your hips and push your ass out.
Got a nigga wantin' it so bad I'm 'bout to pass out.
Wanna dig you, and I can't even lie about it.
Baby just alleviate your clothes. Time to fly up out it.
Catch you at a club. Oh shit you got me fiendin'.
Body talkin' shit to me but I can't comprehend the meanin'.
Now if you wanna roll with me then here's your chance.
Doin' eighty on the freeway police catch me if you can.
Forgive me I'm a rider. Still I'm just a simple man.
All I want is money. Fuck the fame I'm a simple man.
Mister international. Playa with the passport.
Just like Aladdin bitch get you anything you ask for.
It's either him or me. Champagne. Hennessey.
A favorite of my homies when we floss on our enemies.
Witness as we creep to a low speed. Peep what a hoe need.
Puff some mo' weed funk ya don't need.
Approachin' hoochies with a passion. Been a long day.
But I've been driven by attraction in a strong way.
Your body is bangin' baby I love it when you flaunt it.
Time to give it to daddy nigga now tell me how you want it.
Tell me is it cool to fuck? .
Did you think I come to talk? Am I a fool or what? .
Positions on the floor it's like erotic .
ironic 'cause I'm somewhat psychotic
I'm hittin' switches on bitches
like I been fixed with hydraulics .
Up and down like a roller coaster .
I'm up inside ya I ain't quittin' til the show is over .
cause I'ma rider In and out just like a robbery .
I'll pro'bly be a freak and let you get on top of me .
get her rockin' these . Nights full of Alize .
a livin' legend You ain't heard about
these niggaz play these Cali days .
Delores Tucker youse a motherfucker .
Instead of tryna help a nigga you destroy a brother .
Worse than the others Bill Clinton Mister Bob Dole .
You're too old to understand the way the game is told .
You're lame so I gotta hit you with the hot facts .
Want some on lease? I'm makin' millions niggaz top that .
They wanna censor me they'd rather see me in a cell .
livin' in hell only a few of us'll live to tell .
Now everybody talkin' bout us I could give a fuck
I'd be the first ones to bomb and cuss .
Nigga tell me how you want it .
Raised as a youth . tell the truth
I got the scoop on how to get a bulletproof .
because I jumped from the roof before I was a teenager
mobile phone SkyPager Game rules I'm livin' major
my adversaries . is lookin' worried .
they paranoid of gettin' buried .
One of us gon' see the cemetery .
My only hope to survive if I wish to stay alive
Gettin' high . see the demons in my eyes . before I die .
I wanna live my life and ball . make a couple million .
And then I'm chillin' fade em all .
these taxes got me crossed up and people tryin' sue me
Media is in my business and they actin' like they know me .
but I'ma mash outn peel out .
I'm with it quick I's quick to whip that fuckin' steel out .
Yeah nigga it's some new shit so better get up on it
When ya see me tell a nigga how ya want it .
How do you want it? .
She can go lower than I ever really thought she could. :Face down; Ass up.
The top of yo' booty jigglin' out yo' jeans. :Baby pull yo' pants up.
I like it when I see you do it better than I've ever seen I done befo'.
A lot of women drop it to the ground, but how low can you go?
Lower than yo' mama's ever seen it in her life time.
Never would of imagined it. :Not even in her right mind.
Practice in front of that mirror. Now you doin' it on the dance flo'.
Mad 'cause I can't get wit cha chick just show me how to dance oh.
I may not wanna get low so I'm posted up kinda like a playa do.
,But if you come to the crib then I'll might show you girls a thang or two.
Yeah I think you a superstar. Wit a ass like that you gotta blow.
Befo' you make it big there's just one thing that I gotta know.
I be like knick knack patty wack
oh where my kitty cat
give a dog a bone
how many licks does it take 'til I get to the center and let a realla nigga take you home .
I can make this show stop soon as he hear this fo' pop
from A T L A N T A N all the way down to yo' block .
put the needle on the record
and I make her get lower than a lamborghini .
and if she really gettin' low then i'ma shoot a video and put it all on TV .
'cause I like that french vanilla .
and the caramel .
but when it comes to chocolate .
I know that very well .
Asian persuasion no discrimination I love how they seem to please us .
I wanna taste them butter rican pecan peanut butter cups like reese's pieces .
'cause I think you a super star wit a ass like that you gotta blow
befo' you make it big well there's just one thing that I gotta know
drop it hit it dump it split it
don't stop get it get it
put it in reverse just to back it up
let me put some Luda in it
show me what you workin' with i'll show you some of this bank roll
yeah you a super star there's just one thing I gotta know so
Huh. Sicka than your average.
Poppa twist cabbage off instinct.
Niggaz don't think shit stink.
Pink gators; ;my Detroit players.
Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn.
Dead right.: If the head right, Biggie there ev'ry night.
Poppa been smooth since days of Underroos.
Never lose. Never choose to. Bruise crews
who do something to us. Talk go through us.
Girls walk to us, Wanna do us, Screw us.
Who us?: Yeah Poppa and Puff.
Close like Starsky and Hutch. Stick the clutch.
Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M3?
Bang every MC easily. Busily.
Recently niggaz frontin'. Ain't sayin' nuttin'.
So I just speak my piece, Keep my piece.
Cubans with the Jesus piece with my peeps.
Packin'. Askin' who want it.
You got it nigga flaunt it.
That Brooklyn bullshit we on it .
I put hoes in NY onto DK NY .
Miami DC prefer Versace .
All Philly hoes dough and Moschino
every cutie wit a booty bought a Coogi .
Now who's the real dookie .
Meanin' who's really the shit .
Them niggaz ride dicks . Frank White push the sticks
On the Lexus LX . Four and a half .
Bulletproof glass tints if I want some ass
Gon' blast Squeeze first ask questions last .
That's how most of these so called gangsters pass .
At last . a nigga rappin' bout blunts and broads
Tits and bras Menage a tois Sex in expensive cars
I still leave you on the pavement .
Condo paid for . no car payment .
At my arraignment . Note for the plantiff .
Your daughter's tied up . in a Brooklyn basement .
Face it . not guilty . That's how I stay filthy .
Richer than Richie . till you niggaz come and get me .
I can fill ya wit . real millionaire shit .
Escargot . My cargo . one sixty swiftly .
Wreck it buy a new one .
your crew run run run your crew run run .
I know you sick of this name brand nigga wit
flows girls say he's sweet like licorice
So . get with this nigga it's easy .
Girl . friend here's a pen . Call me 'round ten
Come through have sex on rugs that's Persian .
Come up to your job hit you while you workin'
for certain . poppa freakin' not speakin' .
Leave that ass leakin' like rapper demo
Tell them hoe take they clothes off slowly .
Hit em wit the force like Obie
Dick black like Toby
Watch me roam like Gobi .
Lucky they don't owe me .
Where the safe show me . Homey .
Now I wrote this record for when I perform
from the nights inside university dorm.
I put pen to paper with a paper to pen
for the times I'm rockin' the mic in front of women and men.
I get raw like Eddie rough like Freddy
Kreuger with a luger turnin' men into spaghetti
I'm like Fats Domino up on Blueberry Hill.
because my rhymes are funky fresh 'n not run of the mill.
just like a king has palaces I give an analysis
You can't talk because you suffer from paralysis
of the mouth of the lip of the tongue;
comin' to you complements of a brother named Young.
Now you can't talk because I'm leaving you speech less;
so be quiet let an educator teach this.
It's due to my producer so he's in a rage;
And Mike you control the vinyl I control the stage.
'cause I come off.
Four score and seven years ago
there were a whole bunch of rappers who were in the know.
Four score and seven years later
I dig a hole in those rappers like the moon with a crater
Because they battle me they're really taking a risk.
'Cause you're an eight track tape and I'm a compact disc.
And like Tyson drops boxers in rapid sucession
that how I'm droppin' M Cs in the rappin' profession
I'm comin' off just like the clothes on a hooker
and I can fly like Jimmy Super fly Snuka
Like the shuttle goes up into outer space
people's hands go up when I enter the place.
I don't mean to brag or boast just to tell ya I'm great.
but I can rock the microphone like Dorothy Hamil can skate.
Yeah I can say a funky rhyme like Greg Louganis can dive.
Don't have to be Saturday night for Young MC to get live.
'cause I come off.
No one behold Young M C struck gold.
from the rhymes that I've been sayin' to the young and the old.
From the battles I've been havin' with the smart and the dumb.
From the records I've been makin' with the mic and the drum.
You know the other rappers wanna play a game with me;
they run and hide when they hear the name of Young M C.
Like a kid playing tag that's how it's got to be;
so when I start I say Ollie Oxen free.
Yo you can never write a rhyme as strong as this one.
So pay attention 'cause you don't wanna miss one of my healthy rhymes;
nobody's are healthier New York New Jersey L A or Philadelphia
City to city and town to town place to place
country to country 'cause I get around
Even if you were in prison you da heard me play
because the warden had me rock and I'm on the P A.
So when you get out come and see my show.
and if you start static back in you go.
'Cause comin' off is the title and the theme of the jam.
and when the rhymes are finally finished people say God damn
'cause I come off.
Back to get wrecked . All respect
to those who break their neck to keep their hoes in check
'Cause oh they sweat a brother majorly .
And I don't know why . your girl keeps pagin' me .
She tell me that she needs me . cries when she leaves me
And every time she sees me she squeeze me lady take it . easy .
Hate to sound sleazy but tease me
I don't want it if it's that easy .
'Ey yo bust it baby got a problem sayin' bye bye
Just another hazard of a fly guy .
You ask why don't matter . my pockets got fatter .
Now everybody's lookin' for the . ladder .
And ain't no need in bein' greedy If you wanna see me
dial the beeper number baby when you need me .
And I'll be there in a . jiffy
Don't be picky just be happy with this . quickie .
But when you learn . you can't tie me down
Baby doll . check it out . I get around .
Now you can tell from my everyday fits I ain't rich
So cease and desist with them tricks .
I'm just another black man caught up in the mix .
Try'na make a dollar out of fifteen cents .
Just 'cause I'm a freak don't mean that we could hit the sheets
Baby I can see . that you don't recognize me
I'm Shock G . the one who put the satin on your panties
Never knew a hooker that could share me . I get around .
What's up love how you doin' .
Well I've been hangin' sangin' tryin' do my thang Oh . you heard that I was bangin' .
Your home girl you went to school with . that's cool
But did she tell you 'bout her sister and your cousin Thought I wasn't .
See weekends were made for Michelob .
But it's a Monday . my day . so just let me hit it yo .
And don't mistake my statement for a clown
We can keepkeep in the down low long as you know . that I get around .
Finger tips on the hips as I dip
gotta get a tight grip . don't slip . Loose lips sink ships
it's a trip . I love the way she licks her lips see me jockin'
Put a little twist in her hips 'cause I'm watchin' .
Conversations on the phone til the break of dawn
Now we all alone why the lights on? .
Turn 'em off . time to set it off get you wet and soft
Somethin's on your mind let it off .
You don't know me . you just met me . you won't let me
Well if I couldn't have it silly rabbit why you sweatin' me? .
It's a lot of real G's doin' time .
'Cause a groupy bit the truth and told a lie .
You picked the wrong guy baby if you're too fly
You need to hit the door . search for a new guy .
'Cause I only got one night in town
Break out or be clown baby doll are you down?
I get around .
When the Remi's in the system ain't no tellin'
Will I fuck 'em will I diss 'em that's what they be yellin'
I'm a pimp by blood not relation .
Y'all be chasin' I replace them huh? .
Drunk off Crist . mami on E .
Can't keep her little model hands off me .
Both in the club high singin' off key
And I wish I never met her at all
It gets better . ordered another round .
It's . about . to go . down
Got six model chicks . six bottles of Crist .
Four Belvederes got weed everywhere
What do you say me you and your Chloe glasses .
Go somewhere private where we can discuss fashion
Like .  Prada blouse . Gucci bra .
Filth Mart jeans . take that off .
save the narrative you savin' it for marriage .
Let's keep it real ma you savin' it for karats .
You wanna see how far I'ma go
How . much I'ma spend but you already know .
Zip zero . stingy with dinero .
Might buy you Crist but that about it .
Might light your wrist but that about it .
Fuck it I might wife you and buy you nice whips .
Ma but you really gotta ride nice dick .
Know how to work your hips and your head's priceless .
Profess you love the Hov and I'll never let you down
Get you bling like the Neptune sound .
okay . hot Hov . too hot to hold
Ladies love me long time like 2Pac's soul .
Only way to roll Jigga and two ladies
I'm too cold . Motorola two way page me .
Same song I'm back . been around the world
Ro . mancin' girls that dance with girls
From . Club Cheetah . to Club Amnesia
The Peanuts in L A . Bubblin' in Dublin
Can't deny me . why would you want to .
You need me . why don't you try me .
Baby you want to . believe me . Hov .
When I'm alone in my room sometimes I stare at the wall
and in the back of my mind I hear my conscience call .
telling me I need a girl who's as sweet as a dove .
for the first time in my life . I see I need love .
there I was . giggling about the games
that I had played with many hearts and i'm not saying no names .
then the thought occured tear drops made my eyes burn .
as I said to myself look what you've done to her .
I can feel it inside I can't explain how it feels .
all I know is that i'll never dish another raw deal
playing make believe pretending that I'm true .
holding in my laugh as I say that I love you .
saying amor . kissing you on the ear .
whispering I love you and i'll always be here
although I often reminisce I can't believe that I found .
a desire . for true love . floatin' around .
inside my soul because my soul is cold .
one . half of me deserves to be this way till I'm old
but the other half . needs affection and joy .
and the warmth that is created by a girl and a boy .
Romance sheer delight how sweet .
I gotta find me a girl to make my life complete .
You can scratch my back we'll get . cozy and huddle .
i'll lay down my jacket so you can walk over a puddle .
I'll give you a rose pull out your chair before we eat .
kiss you on the cheek and say ooh girl you're so sweet .
it's deja vu whenever i'm with you .
I could go on forever telling you what I do .
but where you at . you're neither here nor there
I swear I can't find you . anywhere .
damn sure ain't in my closet . or under my rug .
this love search . is really makin' me bug
and if you know who you are why don't you make yourself seen
take the chance with my love and you'll find out what I mean .
fantasy's can run . but . they can't hide
and when I find you i'm gon' pour all my love inside .
I wanna kiss you hold you never scold you just love you .
suck on you neck . caress you and rub you .
grind moan . and never be alone
if you're not standing next to me you're on the phone .
can't you hear it in my voice . I need love bad
I've got money but love's somethin' I've never had
I need your ruby red lips sweet face and all .
I love you more than a man who's ten feet tall .
I'd watch the sunrise . in your eyes
we're so in love when we hug . we become paralyzed .
our bodies explode in ecstasy unreal .
you're as soft as a pillow and I'm as hard as steel .
it's like a dream land . I can't lie I never been there .
maybe this is an experience that me and you can share .
clean and unsoiled yet . sweaty and wet .
I swear to you . this is something i'll never forget .
See what I mean I've changed I'm no longer
a play boy on the run I need something that's stronger .
friendship . trust . honor respect admiration .
this whole experience has been such a revelation .
it's taught me love and how to be a real man .
to always be considerate and do all I can .
Protect you you're my lady and you mean so much .
my body tingles all over from the slightest . touch
of your hand and understand I'll be frozen in time .
till we meet . face to face and you tell me you're mine .
if I find you girl . I swear I'll be a good man .
I'm not gonna leave it . in destiny's hands
I can't sit and wait . for my princess to arrive
I gotta struggle and fight . to keep my dream alive .
i'll search the whole world for that special girl .
when I finally find you watch our love unfurl .
seems like yesterday we used to rock the show .
I laced the track you locked the flow .
so far from hangin' on the block for dough .
Notorious they got to know that .
life ain't always what it seem to be .
words can't express what you mean to me .
even though you're gone . we still a team .
through your family I'll fulfill your dream .
in the future can't wait to see .
if you'll open up the gates for me .
reminisce some time . the night they took my friend .
try to black it out but it plays again .
when it's real feelings hard to conceal .
can't imagine all the pain I feel
give anythin' to hear half your breath .
I know you still livin' your life after death .
It's kinda hard with you not around .
know you in heaven smilin' down .
watchin' us while we pray for you .
every day we pray for you .
til the day we meet again .
in my heart is where I'll keep you friend .
memories give me the strength I need to proceed .
strength I need to believe .
my thoughts big I just can't define .
wish I could turn back the hands of time .
us in the six . shop for new clothes and kicks .
you and me takin' flicks .
makin' hits . stages they reveive you on .
still can't believe you're gone
give anythin' to hear half your breath .
I know you still livin' you're life after death .
If I ruled the world was king on the throne
I'd make peace in every culture build the homeless a home
I'm not . runnin' . for congress or the president .
I'm just here . to tell the world how my story went .
You see . first it was a dream I was livin' in Rome
And then I moved to london bought a brand new home .
And everywhere I went . I drew lots of attention
like a stretch limousine one of those new inventions
It took a few years fore the day had come .
but I was ruler of the world ranked number one .
So I headed towards washington to claim the crown .
Let the whole world know . that . the king was in town .
As I arrived the crowd started to cheer
And then someone yelled out . the king is here
so I headed toward stage to make a speech
About the new style of livin' I was gonna teach uh huh
People started flowin' as they reached for my hand .
I said . thank you for bringin' me to the promised land .
But now . I must go . say goodbye to everybody .
Tonight I'll see you all at my super dinner party .
And late that night at my super dinner party
I was dancin' to the beat and entertainin' la di da di .
The music started endin' it was time for a speech .
The crowd started sittin' as I rose from my feet .
And this was once a dream . I explained to the crowd
but now . I rule the world and I feel so very proud .
Excuse me please . for stoppin' this show
I just had . to thank you all . Huh . and me so .
My first day in office . the king on the throne
I spent my first three hours on the telephone
You know with newsmen reporters . and voters too .
I had so many calls I didn't know what to do .
You know . out that office I continued to work
I signed so many papers fingers started to hurt .
Then I shook off . the pain say this ain't no thing
'Cause there's nothin' in the world like bein' number one king
Now I rule the world and now . I'm on top .
And I'm . rollin' with folks that could never be stopped .
And I'm here to let you know this is where I belong .
To you sucker MCs that sing my song .
And it's a song that's strong about right and wrong .
And I'ma rock it to you work baby all night long
And it's a song about love . and happiness .
In a world of . peace and you know that's fresh
Now I'm the king . and I want you to know .
that I'm the master blaster rapper who's runnin' the show .
And to all . of you rappers in e . very country
You better stop what you're doin' . and listen to me .
'Cause we . gotta stop war and use unity .
to fight crime and hunger and poverty .
'Cause the African baby dyin' overseas .
while you sucker mission politicians bustin' out zs
Huh Twenty million people all enemployed
While rich man try to play pretty boy Floyd
While the workin' class just struggles hard .
Try to make ends meet . against all odds
While the poor man can't even deal with life .
you know he tried to escape and smoked the coke on the pipe .
And it's time for a change to a better way .
'Cause the sun has gotta shine through the cloudy day
So listen up world . while I teach this class
And take heed to the message or we ain't gonna last
'Cause I know . the solution . is the contribution .
Of woman and man to just join the revolution
That'll take your brain to a higher plane
And help you deal in a world that's gone insane
With the problems that I . know . we can stop
From the ruler of the world and the man on top .
But the years went by . And time was up .
And then the ruler of the world had ran out of luck .
And all the people at the time who said they were my friends
Didn't know me when my job had come . to an end .
They came up to my face as ha . ppy as can be
He was runnin' his mouth like Muhammad Ali
So I shook his hand calmly as I headed to the door
On my way to the ghetto to treat once more .
When I pull up out front you see the Benz on dubs .
When I roll twenty deep it's twenty knives in the club
Niggaz heard I fuck with Dre now they wanna show me love .
When you sell like Eminem and the hoes they wanna fuck
But homie ain't nuttin' changed hoes down Gs up
I see Xzibit in the cut hey nigga roll that weed up .
If you watch how I move you'll mistake me for a player or pimp .
Been hit wit a few shells but I don't walk wit a limp .
In the hood in L A they sayin' Fifty you hot .
They like me I want them to love me like they love Pac
But holla in New York them niggaz'll tell ya I'm loco
And the plan is to put the rap game in a choke hold
I'm fully focused man . my money on my mind
Got a mill out the deal and I'm still in the grind .
Now shawty said she feelin' my style she feelin' my flow .
Her girlfriend willin' to bi . and they ready to go okay! .
And you should love it . way more then you hate it
Nigga you mad? . I thought that you'd be happy I made it .
I'm that cat by the bar toastin' to the good life .
You that faggot ass nigga tryin' to pull me back right?
When my joint get to pumpin' in the club it's on
I wink my eye at ya bitch if she smiles she gone .
If the roof on fire let the motherfucker burn
If you talkin' . money homie I ain't concerned .
I'ma tell you what Banks told me
'cause go 'head switch the style up
If niggaz hate then let 'em hate then watch the money pile up .
Or we can go upside your head wit a bottle of bub .
They know where we fuckin' be .
Well now don't you tell me to smile.
You stick around I'll make it worth your while.
Like numbers beyond what you can dial.
maybe its because we're so versatile
Style, profile
I said, It always brings me back when I hear ooh child.
From The Hudson River out to the Nile;
I run the marathon to the very last mile.
Well if you battle me I feel reviled
People always sayin' my style is wild.
You've got gaul; you've got guile.
step to me I'mma rapophile
If you wanna battle you're in deni
Comin' from Uranus to check my style.
Jazz and AWOL that's our team.
Step inside the party disrupt the whole scene.
When it comes to beats well I'm a fiend.
I like my sugar with coffee and cream.
Well I gotta keep it goin' keep it goin' full steam.
To sweet to be sour to nice to be mean.
Well on the tough guy style I'm not too keen.
Trying change the world; I'mma plot and scheme.
Mario C likes to keep it clean.
Goin' to shine like a sunbeam
Keep on rappin' cause that's my dream.
Thank Moe Dee for Sticking to Themes.
We're from the family of old school hip hop
Kick off your shoes ;and relax your socks.
The rhymes will spread just like a pox.
Cause the music is loud like an electric shock.
I am known to do the wop;
Also known for the Flintstone Flop.
Tammy D gets biz on the crops.
Beastie Boys known to let the beat drop.
Now when I wrote graffiti my name was Slop.
If I rap soup my beats is stock.
Step from the table when I start to chop.
I'm the lumberjack DJ AD Rock;
If you try to knock me you'll get mocked;
I'll stir fry you in my wok.
Your knees'll start shakin' and your fingers pop;
Like a pinch on the neck from Mister Spock.
I wanna rock right now
I'm Rob Base and I came to get down
I'm not internationally known .
but I'm known to rock the microphone
because I get stupid I mean outrageous
stay away from me . if you're contagious
'cause I'm the winner . no I'm not a loser
to be an M C . is what I choose ah
ladies love me . girls adore me .
I mean even the ones who never saw me
like . the way that I rhyme at a show .
the reason why man I don't know
so let's go 'cause .
my name is Rob I gotta real funky concept .
listen up 'cause I'm gonna keep you in step .
I got an idea .
that I wanna share .
you don't like it so what . I don't care .
I'm number one . the uno I like comp .
bring all the suckers 'cause all them I'll stomp .
bold and black . but I won't protect .
all of my followers 'cause all I want is respect .
I'm not a doctor put them in rapture .
a slick brother that can easy out fox ya .
'cause I'm Rob the last name Base yeah .
and on the mic . I'm known to be the freshest .
so let's start it shouldn't be too hard .
I'm not a sucker so I don't need a body guard .
I won't fess wear a bulletproof vest .
don't smoke Buddha . can't stand Sess yes .
the situation . uh that the Base is in
I'm kinda stingy that's why I don't wanna lend .
a funky rhyme to a foe or a good friend .
but listen up . 'cause I want you to comprehend .
'cause I'm the leader . the man superior .
I take care of ya and then ya get wearier .
so just sit . my rhymes are not counterfeit .
the record sells which makes this one a hit .
it won't hurt . to listen to red alert .
take off your shirt .
make sure it don't hit the dirt .
I like the kids . the guys . the girls .
I want the ducats this is Rob Base's world .
I'm on a mission ya better just listen .
to my rhymes 'cause I'm all about dissin'
'cause .
I stand alone . don't need anyone .
'cause I'm Rob just came to have fun .
don't need friends that act like foes
'cause I'm Rob Base . the one who knows
about things . that make ya get weary .
don't cheer me . just hear me out .
'cause I got the clout . shout Ho! .
before I turn the party out .
I won't stutter
project my voice speak clearly .
so you can be my choice
on stage . or on record
go to the wiz . and select it
take it off the rack if it's wack put it back .
I like the Whopper fuck the Big Mac .
if you want static . so let's go .
so . throw up your hands
go for what you know .
bro . I got an ego .
yo talkin' to me no oh
'cause Rob is in the front E Z rock is on the back up .
we're not soft so you better just slack up .
'cause I'm cool calm just like a breeze .
rock the mic with the help of E Z
rock . on the set the music plays .
only cuts the records that I say
I met this little girlie . her hair was kinda curly .
went to her house and bust her out I had to leave real early .
these girls are really sleazy . all they just say is please me .
or spend some time and rock a rhyme I said it's not that easy .
In New York the people talk and try to make us rhyme
they really hawk but we just walk because we have no time
and in the city it's a pity 'cause we just can't hide .
tinted windows don't mean nothin' they know who's inside .
when I wake up people take up mostly all of my time .
I'm not singin' phone keep ringin' 'cause I make up a rhyme
I'm not braggin' people naggin' 'cause they think I'm a star
always tearin' what I'm wearin' I think they're goin' too far
a girl named Carol follows Daryll every gig we play .
then D dissed her and dismissed her now she's jockin' jay .
I ain't lyin' girls be cryin' 'cause I'm on TV .
they even bother my poor father 'cause he's down with me .
we are not thugs we don't use drugs but you assume on your own
they offer coke and lots of dope but we just leave it alone
it's like that y'all y'all . but we don't quit
you keep on rock shock 'cause this is it .
it was all a dream . I used to read word up magazine .
Salt 'n Pepa and HeavyD up in the limousine .
Hangin' pictures on my wall .
Every Saturday rap attack mister magic Marley Marl .
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped .
Smokin' weed and bamboo Sippin' on private stock .
way back . when I had the red and black lumberjack .
With the hat to match .
Remember Rappin' Duke . duh ha duh ha
you never thought that hip hop would take it this far .
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight .
Time to get paid blow up like the world trade .
Born sinner . The opposite of a winner
Remember I used to eat sardines for dinner .
peace to Ron G Brucey B Kid Capri .
FunkMaster Flex lovebug Starsky .
I'm blowin' up . like you thought I would .
Call the crib same number same hood .
It's all good .
I made the change from a common thief .
to up close and personal with Robin Leach .
And I'm far from cheap
I smoke skunk with my peeps all day .
Spread love it's the Brooklyn way
The Moet and Alize keep me pissy .
Girls used to diss me .
Now they write letters 'cause they miss me .
I never thought it could happen this rappin' stuff .
I was too used to packin' gats and stuff
Now honies play me close Like butter play toast .
From the Mississippi down to the east coast .
Condos in queens . Indo for weeks .
Sold out seats to hear Biggie smalls speak .
Livin' life without fear .
Puttin' five karats in my baby girl's ears .
Lunches . Brunches Interviews by the pool .
Considered a fool 'cause I dropped outta high school .
Stereotypes of a black male misunderstood .
And it's still all good .
Super Nintendo Sega genesis
When I was dead broke man I couldn't picture this .
Fifty inch screen money green leather sofa .
Got two rides a limousine with a chauffeur .
Phone bill about two Gs flat .
No need to worry my accountant handles that .
And my whole crew is loungin' .
Celebratin' every day no more public housin' .
Thinkin' back on my one room shack .
Now my mom pimps a ack with minks on her back .
And she loves to show me off of course
Smiles every time my face is up in The Source .
We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us
No heat . wonder why Christmas missed us .
Birthdays was the worst days
Now we sip champagne when we thirstay .
Uh . Damn right I like the life I live
'Cause I went from negative to positive
and It's all .
don't try to compare us to another bad little fad
I'm the Mac and I'm bad give you something that you never had .
i'll make ya pump pump wiggle and shake your rump .
'cause i'll be kickin' the flavor that makes you wanna jump .
how high real high 'cause I'm just so fly .
a young loveable hugable type of guy .
and everything is to the back with a little slack .
'cause inside out . is wiggida wiggida wiggida wack .
I come stompin' with somethin' humpin' to keep you jumpin' .
RandB rap is bullcrap is what I'm dumpin' .
ain't nothin' somethin' 'bout Kris Kross we all that
so when they ask do they rocks they believe that .
I let myself knockin' .
I love it when a girl is play jockin' .
the D a double D Y M a C .
ya you know me
I got you jumpin' and pumpin' and pump and movin' all around G .
in the mix I make ya take step back .
they try to step . to the mac . then they got . jacked
to the back . you'll be sportin' the gear is that's coincidental .
and like you know it don't be claimin' that it's mental .
Two lil' kids with a flow you ain't never heard .
and none fakin' you can understand every word .
as you listen to my cool school melody .
the daddy . makes you J U M P .
now . the formalities of this and that .
is that kris kross ain't comin' off wack .
and for all ya'll suckas that don't know .
check it out .
some of them try to rhyme but they can't rhyme like this .
some of them try to rhyme but they can't rhyme like this .
some of them try to rhyme but they can't rhyme like this .
some of them try to rhyme but they can't .
'cause I'm the miggida miggida miggida miggida mac daddy .
the miggida miggida miggida miggida mac .
'cause I'm the miggida miggida miggida miggida mac daddy .
the miggida miggida migida migida mac .
I make you wanna
welcome to the two one four
big B D Texas
let mister sexes flex this Lexus
and this is where the cowboys play .
they battle with my team from the bay .
Frisco .
now I'm from the northwest
but I likes my soul food .
so I'm callin' up an old groove
and I'm a brother with a gut .
so hello Keana . can ya take us out to Poppa Doughs .
and don't forget about san Antone
the last time I went through
I took three broads . home
and much love to the brothers in Austin
and the five one two
I'm flossin' in Lawston .
a state that's as big as hell
and I spot two bad ass girls in a Tercel .
they said what's up and I said whassup we're going to Houston
and I said giddy up U turn
welcome to the six oh two
it's a hundred nd five in the shade
and I'm si ppin' on a lemonade .
Pheonix Arizona puts the heat up on ya
I should warn ya
the girls as fine as California
speakin' of Cali
check your Mack Daddy
he gots game and he knocks dames from Redding to the valley .
and I can pull 'em on a T J border .
I even knock mister G's daughter .
and come on up to the seven oh two .
where it's legal to gamble . and hoin' is too .
the kinda city I could run wit .
las Vegas navidad I love it .
back to the two oh six .
double up my grits
and sea town givin' po po fits .
chasin' the skirts like a playa supposed ta .
3 fortyeight roasta hit it .
comin' through the four oh four .
Olympic summer Atlanta so lets go .
callin' up my home boy Daddy Ray .
Hey Ray what's up with the girls in G A? .
and Ray got the situation handled .
we gonna stack up six deep
and ride to Orlando .
to the four oh sev .
callin' up Magic Mike
we rolls in about elev' .
the gut getta gotta good ol' nine
the next day I gotta mash to the three oh five
I get G'd like I wanna in Miami .
you understand me I put that on my grammie .
and swing on up to the eight one three
around Tampa I'm dialin' Stephanie .
she got me polished like chrome
sittin' on a throne
I'm wore out now I'm going home
Honey got her sexy on steamin' .
She give the hotness a new meanin' .
Perfection mommy you gleamin' .
Inception you got a brother dreamin' dreamin' .
Damn baby I'm fiendin' .
I'm tryna holla at you I'm screamin' .
Let me love you down this evenin' .
Lovie lovie yeah you know you are my demon .
Girl work it for my team in
I could be the King you could be the Queen in
My mind's dirty and it don't need cleanin'
I love you long time so you know the meanin' .
Honey got me runnin' like I'm Flo Jo .
Signs her name on my heart with an X O .
Love so sweet got me vexed though
I wanna wish it right back like Presto yes .
Mean time I wait for the next time .
She come around for a toast to the best time .
We L O L back and forth on the text line .
She got me fishin' for her love I confess I'm .
Somethin' . bout her smile and the con vo .
Got me high and I ain't comin' down yo .
My heart's pumpin' out louder than electro .
she got me feelin' like mister robato .
Locked . sunk in your bed rock .
Heart . pumpin' your love shot .
Knocked . out by your cold shot .
I'm . stuck in your head lock .
Can't stop won't quit
Makin' me fiend give it to me
I want it all know what I mean
Your love is a dose of ecstacy .
Addicted . I can't get . away from . you .
Afflicted . I need it . I miss it .
I want your lovin' right next to me
And I can't . erase you out of my memory .
I step up in the club. :I'm like Who you wit?
G Unit in the house. :Yeah that's my click.
Yeah I'm young but a nigga from the old school.
On the dancefloor a nigga doin' old moves.
I don't give a fuck. ;I do what I wan do.
I hit your ass up boy I done warned you.
Better listen when I talk nigga don't trip.
Yo' heat in the car. Mines in this bitch.
I ain't tryin' to beef, I'm tryin' get my drink on.
And my diamonds my fitted and my mink on.
I'ma kick it at the bar 'til it's time to go.
Then I'ma get in shorty ear and I'ma let her know.
This is Fifty . comin' out your stereo
It's hard to tell though 'cause I switched the flow .
Eyes a little low 'cause I twist the 'dro .
Pockets on swoll 'cause I move the O's
My neck . my wrist . my ears is froze
Come get . your bitch . she on me dawg
She must . tuh heard . about the dough
Now Captain c'mon and Save a Hoe
I get it crunk in the club . I'm off the chain
number one on the chart all the time main
When the kid in the house . I turn it out
Keep the dancefloor packed that's without a doubt
But shorty shake that thang like a pro man
she backed it up on me I'm like ohh man .
I got close enough to her so I know she could hear .
System thumpin' party's jumpin' I said loud and clear .
lay low nobody move until I say so .
limo . tint rollin' deep like the president .
see I don't go to clubs . I never chase a bitch
I'm here to bang that gangsta shit to the apocalypse .
we call it stress some of y'all call it chocolate
return of the top Dogg and ain't no stopp'in it .
whatever the case I ain't try 'na catch it .
lay low blow big dope and slang records .
unseen but well heard do not disturb
the only reason you alive 'cause I ain't sent the word
I flip . faster than birds Snoop Dogg will emerge
from the smoke and go loc you shouldn't provoke
I bring the worst from the L B C .
smash mother fuckers thinkin' they gon' smash on me .
Snoop and Dre give a fuck about what y'all say .
from the world's most dangerous group . N double U a . ay .
I rise it was no surprise
I always knew these fools would trip .
hatin' . fakin' schemin' on mine
and on the down low talkin' shit .
best move 'cause I refuse to lose
no matter which damn road I choose .
so lay low 'cause you might be bruised
top story on the evening news .
where that nigga who be talkin' shit .
he don't come around no more because I fucked his bitch
I made her suck my dick . while I was squeezin' the tits .
then I hit it from the back gripped tight on them hips
she tried to make me cum . but I was tryin' to take her home
dropped you off and seen you fishin' on your raggedy brougham
coulda thumped you and the dog . you little fag .
and don't sag too hard you show everybody your thong
booyaka booyaka . we bring it straight to ya .
from twenty twos to luger's the shit that shoot through ya .
who you motherfuckers think the top Dogg bang with .
the same click he came with and made the game flip .
now niggaz grow they hair hope they stayin' act hard .
that's even tho' yo' CEO talk shit get slapped hard .
the backyard is where we get our scrap on .
the black car drive by then you get capped on .
whassup pimpin' it's P and Snoop .
with Dre on the beat . this ain't nuttin' but loot .
they call me Jed Clampett for all the bread I got .
but they call me Bill Clinton for all the head I got
I keeps it real ah 'cause I'm all about my scrilla .
the ladies love me 'cause I'm a million dolla hitta
it's . no limit til I D I E .
C P three or Richmond Cali's where I be .
I don't give a fuck about your faults or mishappens
nigga .we from the Bronx New York . shit happens .
kids clappin' . love to spark the place .
half the niggaz in the squad got a scar on their face .
it's a cold world and this is ice .
half a mill for the charm nigga this is life .
got the phantom in front of the buildin' trinity Ave .
ten years been legit they still figure me bad .
as a young . was too much to cope with .
why you think . mu'fuckers nicknamed me cook coke shit .
shoulda been called the armed robbery .
extortion . or maybe grand larceny .
I did it all I put the pieces to the puzzle .
just as long . I knew me and my peoples was 'gon bubble .
came out the gate on some flow Joe shit .
fat nigga with the shotty was the logo kid .
R to the easy . M to the whiz a
my arms stay breezy the dark stay fizz a
got a date at eight I'm in the seven forty fizz a
and I just bought a bike so I can ride till I die
with a matchin' jacket 'bout to cop me a mansion
my niggaz in the club but you know they not dancin'
we gangsta and gangstas don't dance with boogies
so never mind how we got in here with burners and hoodies .
listen we don't pay admission
and the bouncers don't check us
and we . walk around the metal detectors .
and there really ain't a need for a V I P section
in the middle of the dance floor reckless check it
said he . liked my necklace started relaxin'
now that's what the fuck I call a chain reaction
see . money ain't a thing nigga .
we still the same niggaz flows just changed
now we bout to change the game nigga
now we livin' better now Coogi sweater now
and that G 4 can fly through . any weather now
see . niggaz get tight . when you worth some millions
this why I sport the chinchilla hurt they feelings
you can find Joe Crack at all type of shit .
out in Vegas front row to all the fights and shit .
if 5 oh boy come then they'd proudly squeal
'cause half these rappers they blow like Derek fo real .
if you cross the line damn right I'm 'gon hurt ya
these faggot niggaz even made gang signs commercial .
even lil' bow wow throwin' it up .
B 2 K crip walkin' like that's what's up .
kay keep tellin' me to speak about the rucker .
matter fact . I don't wanna speak about the rucker .
not even pee wee Kirkland could imagine this .
my niggaz didn't have to play to win the championship .
come on
Drop your glasses . shake your asses
Face screwed up like you havin' hot flashes
Which one pick one this one classic .
Red from blonde yeah bitch I'm drastic .
Why this why that lips stop askin'
Listen to me baby relax and start passin'
Expressway hair back weavin' through the traffic .
This one strong should be labelled as a hazard .
Some of y'all niggas hot psych I'm gassin' .
Clowns I spot em and I can't stop laughin'
Easy come easy go E V gon' be lastin' .
Jealousy let it go results could be tragic .
Some of y'all ain't writin' well too concerned with fashion
None of you aint Giselle cat walk in 'magine
A lot of y'all Hollywood drama . casted .
Cut bitch camera off real shit blast it .
They wanna bank up crank up makes me dizzy .
Shank up haters wanna come after me
You aint a gangster prankster too much to eat .
Snakes in my path wanna smile up at me .
Now while you grittin' your teeth .
Frustration baby you got to breathe
Take a lot more than you to get rid of me
You see I do what they can't do I just do me
Aint no stress when it comes to stage get what you see .
Meet me in the lab pen and pad don't believe
Huh sixteens mine . create my own lines .
Love for my wordplay that's hard to find .
Sophomore I aint scared one of a kind
All I do is contemplate ways to make your fans mine .
Eyes bloodshot stressin' chills up your spine
Huh Sick to your stomach wishin' I wrote your rhymes .
Let your bones crack .
Your back pop I can't stop
Excitement .  glock shots from your stash box
Fuck it . thugged out I respect the cash route .
Locked down blast is sets while I mash out
Yeah nigga mash out D R E .
Back track think back E V E
Do you like that ooh you got to I know you .
Had you in a trance first glance from the floor too .
Don't believe I'll show you . take you with me .
Turn you on pension gone give you relief .
Put your trust in a bomb when a listen to me .
Damn she much thinner nah now I'm complete .
Still stallion . brick house pile it on
ride or Die bitch double R came strong .
Beware 'cause I crush anything I land on
Me here ain't no mistake nigga it was planned on
never mind what haters say ignore 'em 'til they fade away
amazin' they ungrateful after all the game I gave away .
safe to say I paved the way for you cats to get paid today
you still be wastin' days away nah had I never saved the day
consider them my protege . homage I think they should pay
instead of bein' gracious they violate in a major way
I never been a hater still I love 'em in a crazy way some say
they sold the yay and no they couldn't get work on labor day
it ain't that black and white it has an area that's shaded grey
I'm westside anyway even if I left today and stayed away
some move away to make a way not move away 'cause they afraid
I brought back to the hood and all you ever did was take away
I pray for patience but they make me wanna melt their face away
like I once made them spray now I could make them plead their case away
been thuggin' all my life can't say I don't deserve to take a break
you'd rather see me catch a case and watch my future fade away .
I'm the opposite of moderate immaculately polished with
the spirit of a hustler and the swagger of a college kid
allergic to the counterfeit impartial to the politics
articulate but still would grab a nigga by the collar quick
whoever having problems with their record sales just holla tip
if that don't work and all else fails then turn around and follow tip
I got love for the game but ay I'm not in love with all of it
could do without the fame and rappers nowadays are comedy .
the hootin' and the hollerin' back and forth with the arguin'
where you from who you know what you make and what kind of car you in
seems as though you lost sight of what's important when depositin'
the checks into your bank account and you up out of poverty .
your values is a disarray prioritizin' horribly .
unhappy with the riches 'cause your piss poor morally
ignorin' all prior advice and fore warnin'
and we mighty full of ourselves all of a sudden aren't we .
now everybody watchin' what I do . come walk in my shoes .
and see the way I'm livin' if you really want to
got my mind on my money .
and I not goin' away .
so keep on gettin' your paper . and keep on climbin' .
look in the mirror . and keep on shinin' .
til' the game ends til' the clock stops
we gonna post up on the top spot .
Baby this ain't your typical everyday one night thing
It's a physical I'ma fuck you tonight thing
Fuck . knowin' your name Jump yo' ass in the Range
And roll over Gettin' blown while blowin' the dolja
Bring head to a closure . That's a good bitch
Before it's all over I'ma meat this bitch
Probably treat this bitch mo' betta .
'cause if you ain't . know . gangstas and hoes go together .
Poppin' my collar partner who in the spot?
Baby Rule in the spot . and the mug and the watch ugly .
Half the hoes hate me . half them love me .
The ones that hate me only hate me 'cause they ain't fucked me .
And they say I'm lucky you think I got time
to fuck all these hoes and do all these shows? .
Or flight in the llama chargin' white Rolls
Uhh oh another episode .
Bitches just . wanna hold a name that's active
That's why they suck dick with mo' passion than average
I ain't mad at ya never leave you alone
'cause we fucks when I'm home phone sex when I'm gone .
We both grown . both got minds of our own
Plus I freaks off like O Dog in Love Jones
Been many zones baby one hoes two hoes
From . prissy bitches to hoes that do porno
But you know . the Rule be livin' it up
And got all these hoes . givin' it up
I like a . little ooh baby how cute are you? .
With a body that rides on sexual
I got a stick I'll ride right next to you .
Do a doughnut and cut then I'll open it up .
On the freeway dick in her mouth . foot on the clutch
Rule bitch not givin' a fuck .
Love you so sexy . I just want you next to me
Your whole vibe like you high on . exstacy
'cause ain't nuttin' but a E thang baby .
I know that pussy wet like crazy .
I wanna . feel your passion . come when you askin' .
Laugh when you cryin' . cry when you laughin'
But ain't nuttin' happen the bitch got a little too high
licked up my thigh then started crashin'
The radio blastin' Between Me and You
But . you ain't on the low with that freak shit you do
Girl I thought you knew what I do know
I know what you do
'cause it's ain't a good night if the head ain't right
Like . Teddy P let's Turn Off the Lights
And . grind it out takin' no times out
'til the sun come out . bitch . lemme find out
OK little mama had a swag like mine .
she even wear her hair down her back like mine .
I make her feel right . when it's wrong like line .
Man she ain't never had a love like mine .
And man I ain't never seen an ass like hers .
That pussy in my mouth had me loss for words
I told her back it up like burp . burp
And I made that ass jump like jerp . jerp
and that's when .
Shawty said the nigga that she with ain't shit .
Shawty said the nigga that she with ain't this .
Shawty said the nigga that she with can't hit .
But shawty I'm a hit it hit it like I can't miss
And he can't do this and he don't do that
Shawty need a refund need to bring that nigga back .
Just like a refund I make her bring that ass back .
And she bring that ass back . Because I like that .
I get her on top . She drop it like it's hot .
And when I'm at the bottom . she Hillary Rodham .
the middle of the bed . Givin' gettin' head .
givin' gettin' head . givin' gettin' head .
Call me so I can come and do it for ya .
Call me so I can come and prove it for ya .
Call me so I can make it juicy for ya .
Call me so I can get it juicy for ya .
His palms are sweaty. Knees weak. Arms are heavy.
There's vomit on his sweater already. Mom's spaghetti.
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
to drop bombs. But he keeps on forgetting
what he wrote down. The whole crowd goes so loud.
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out.
He's chokin' how?. Everybody's jokin' now.
The clock's run out. Time's up. Over. Blaow!
Snap back to reality. Op! There goes gravity. Op
There goes Rabbit. He choked. He's so mad, but he won't
give up that easy. Nope he won't have it. He knows
his whole back's to these ropes. It don't matter, he's dope,
he knows that, But he's broke. He's so stagnant. He knows
when he goes back to this mobile home that's when it's
back to the lab again yo. This whole rhapsody.
Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him.
The soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking Make me king;
As we move t'ward a new world order
A normal life is boring but superstardom's
close to post mortem it only grows harder
Homie grows hotter he blows it's all over
These hoes is all on him. Coast to coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter Lonely roads
God only knows he's grown farther from home he's no father
he goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo' he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows.
He nose dove and sold nada . And so the soap opera
is told, it unfolds I suppose it's old partner
But the beat goes on da da dum da dum da da .
No more games I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the begi the mood all changed.
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin' the pied piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
fact that I can't get by with my nine to
five and I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cause man these God damn food stamps don't buy diapers
And there's no movie there's no Mekhi Phifer This is my life.
And these times are so hard . and it's gettin' even harder
Try'na feed and water my seed plus . teeter totter
caught up between bein' a father and a primadonna
Baby momma drama screamin' on her too much for me to wanna
stay in one spot . Another day of monotony's
gotten me . to the point I'm like a snail I've got
to formulate a plot . or end up in jail or shot .
Success is my only motherfuckin' option . failure's not .
Mom I love you but this trailer's got
to go I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot .
So here I go it's my shot . feet fail me not .
this may be the only opportunity that I got .
Uh Pussy ass nigga stop hatin' .
Lil Tunechi that fire .
and these hoes love me like satan Man .
Eh . Fuck with me and get bodied .
And all she eat is dick . She's on a strict diet
That's my baby . with no makeup she a ten .
And she the best with that head
even better than Karrine
She don't want money .
She want the time we could spend .
She said 'cause I really need somebody .
So tell me you're that somebody
Girl I fuck who I want . and fuck who I don't .
Got that A1 credit . that's that fillet mignon
She said I never wanna make you mad .
I just wanna make you proud
I said baby just make me cum . Then don't make a sound .
Uh Real nigga fuck these haters .
These hoes got pussies like craters .
Can't treat these hoes like ladies Man .
Pussy money weed codeine
she say my dick feel like morphine
I hope my name taste like sardines To these niggas .
She wake up eat this dick .
Call that breakfast in bed . Sixty nine ninety six .
I feel her heartbeat . I chest to chest with this bitch .
Now turn around face down I'm arrestin' this bitch .
Yeah All my bitches love me . And I love all my bitches .
But it's like soon as I cum . I come to my senses
And I would say these hoes name .
but then I would be snitchin'
And these haters try to knock me
but they can't knock me off the hinges Lil Tunechi .
I lost a few good bitches .
Met some more bad bitches
and I be schoolin' them niggas .
Pose for your class picture
Now kiss my ass if you hatin' .
I'm gettin' ass I'm skatin' .
I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels . like .
And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe .
I can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight .
As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight .
High off her love drunk from her hate .
it's like I'm huffin' paint
And I love her the more I suffer . I suffocate
And right before I'm about to drown she resuscitates . me
she fuckin' hates me . and I love it wait! .
Where you goin' I'm leavin' you! . No you ain't!
Come back we're runnin' right back here we go a gain
It's so insane 'cause when it's goin' good it's goin' great
I'm Superman with the wind at his back she's Lois Lane
But when it's bad it's awful . I feel so ashamed
I snapped who's that dude? . I don't even know his name
I laid hands on her . I'll never stoop so low again
I guess I don't know my own strength .
You ever love somebody so much .
you can barely breathe when you're wit 'em
You meet . and neither one of you . even know what hit 'em
Got that warm fuzzy feelin'
yeah them chills used to get 'em
Now you're gettin' fuckin' sick of lookin' at 'em? .
You swore you'd never hit 'em never do nothin' to hurt 'em
Now you're in each other's face
spewin' venom in your words when you spit 'em .
You push pull each other's hair scratch claw bit 'em
Throw 'em down pin 'em
so lost in them moments when you're in 'em
It's the rage that took over it controls ya both
so they say you're best to go your separate ways
Guess that they don't know ya
'Cause today . that was yesterday . yesterday is over
It's a different day . Sound like broken records playin' over
But you promised her . next time you'll show restraint .
You don't get another chance life is no Nintendo game
But you lied again
now you get to watch her leave out the window
Guess that's why they call it window pane .
Now I know we said things did things that we didn't mean
Then we fall back into the same patterns . same routine
But your temper's just as bad as mine is .
you're the same as me When it comes to love
you're just as blinded . baby please
come back . it wasn't you baby it was me
maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much . to walk away though .
Come inside pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity . in my voice when I talk?
Told you this is my fault look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed I'll aim my fist at the drywall
Next time there won't be no next time
I apologize even though I know it's lies .
I'm tired of the games I just want her back
I know I'ma liar If she ever tries to fuckin' leave again .
I'ma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire just
had a fly girl flo called her honey .
next thing she spent up all my money .
left you in debt you and your girl's dizzy .
stopped movin' crack but you're still gettin' pissy .
you could call me everyday God sent .
like you was Lois Lane and I was Clark Kent .
I spend and I spend and you spent and you spent
now my house with a mouse is a roach with a tent .
Mary Mar Y Mar Y you cold thumb suckin' .
lookin' for you but you keep duckin' .
I wanna find you I gotta tell you somethin'
so just be quiet and don't say nuttin' .
Mary Mary Mar Y why you out there stuntin' .
supposed to be with me but now you're frontin' .
we started out new . you used to be true .
now you're buggin' what's wrong with you .
now
this girl mary I knew so well .
I met her on the road in a fly hotel .
high on the heels and never failed .
clubs and the pubs is where she dwelled .
story about Mary was well to tell .
she seemed to scheme for a dream to sell .
she spent a night locked in a cell .
I knew Mary well cause she Raising Hell .
it's not Mary who was quite contrary .
talkin' 'bout Mary who was always in a hurry .
the things she needed were necessary .
she did not need .  a busted . cherry .
true and blue just like a blueberry .
ask if she's crazy and I'll say very .
livin' in a house that's out on the prairie .
I worry about Mary cause Mary is scary .
OK . Drop it to the floor make that ass shake .
Woah make the ground move that's an ass quake .
Built a house up on that ass that's an ass state .
Ro ro roll my weed on it that's an ass tray
Say ye . Say ye don't we do this e'ery day day .
I work them long nights . long nights to get a pay day .
Finally paid now I need shade and a vacay .
And niggas still hatin'
so much hate I need an A K .
Now we out in Paris . Yeah I'm perrierin' .
White girls politicin' that's that Sarah Palin .
Gettin' high . Californicatin' .
I give her that D . 'cause that's where I was born and raised in .
Yeah . It's prime time my top back this pimp game . hoe .
I'm red leather this cocaine I'm Rick James . hoe .
I'm bill droppin' Ms. Pacman is pill poppin' ass hoe .
I'm poppin' too these blue dolphins need two coffins
All she want is some heel money .
All she need is some bill money
He take his time he counts it out
I weighs it up that's real money .
Check the neck . Check the wrist
them heads turnin' that's exorcist
my audemar like mardi gras
that's swiss time and that's excellence .
two door . preference .
roof gone George Jefferson
That white frost on that pound cake
so your Duncan Heinz is irrelevant woo .
Lambo . mercy . Lago .
She go whereever I go
Whereever we go We do it pronto It's like .
Let the suicide doors up .
I do suicides on the tour bus .
I do suicides on the private jet .
You know what that mean I'm fly to death .
I step in def jam buildin' like I'm the shit .
tell 'em give me fifty million or I'm a quit .
Most rappers taste level Ain't at my waist level
Turn up . the bass 'til it's up in your face level
Don't do no press but I get the most press kid .
plus your my bitch make your bitch look like Precious .
Somethin' 'bout Mary she gone off that mali .
Now the whole party is melted like Dali .
Now everybody is movin' they body .
Don't sell me apartment . I move in the lobby .
Niggaz is loiterin' just to feel important .
You gon see lawyers . and niggaz . in Jordans .
OK now catch up to my campaign .
Coupe the color of mayonnaise
I'm drunk and high at the same time
drinkin' champagne On the airplane .
spit rounds like a gun range .
beat it up like rampage .
Hundred bands . cut your girl
now your girl need a band aid .
Grade A . A1 .
chain the color of Akon .
black diamonds backpack rhymin' .
co signin' by Louis Vuitton .
Horse power horse power
all this polo on I got horse power .
Pound of this cost four thousand
I make it rain she want more showers .
rain . pourin' .
all my cars is foreign .
all my broads is foreign .
money tall like Jordan .
Now . Who's hot? Who not? .
Tell me who rock? Who sell out in the stores?
You tell me who flopped Who copped the blue drop?
Who jewels got robbed?
Who's mostly goldie down to the tube sock? .
the same ol pimp . Mase
you know ain't nuttin' change but my limp .
can't stop till I see my name on a blimp .
guarantee a million sales pullin' all the love .
you don't believe in Harlem world nigga double up .
we don't play around it's a bet lay it down
niggas didn't know me ninety one bet they know me now
I'm the young Harlem nigga with the goldie sound .
can't no PHD niggaz hold me down .
cooter . schooled me to the game now I know my duty .
stay humble stay low blow like Hootie .
True pimp niggaz spend no dough on the booty .
and then ya yell there go Mase there go your cutie .
from the D to the A to the D D Y
know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly .
I call all the shots . rip all the spots .
rock all the rocks . cop all the drops .
I know you thinkin' now's when all the ballin' stops .
nigga never home gotta call me on the yacht .
ten years from now we'll still be on top .
yo I thought I told you that we won't stop .
now whatcha gonna do when it's cool
bag a money much longer than yours
and a team much stronger than yours
violate this'll be your day . we don't play .
mess around be D O A be on your way .
'Cause it ain't enough time here .
ain't enough lime here for you to shine here .
deal with many women but . treat dimes fair .
and I'm bigger than the city lights down in times square .
B I G . P O . P P A . no info . for the . D E A .
federal agents mad 'cause I'm flagrant
tap my cell . and the phone in the basement .
my team supreme stay clean .
triple beam lyrical dream I be that .
cat you see at all events bent .
gats in holsters girls on shoulders
playboy I told ya . bein' mice to me .
bruise too much I lose too much .
step on stage the girls boo too much .
I guess it's 'cause you run with lame dudes too much
me lose my touch . never that .
if I did ain't no problem to get the gat
where the true players at . throw your rollies in the sky .
wave em side to side and keep your hands high
while I give your girl the eye . player please .
lyrically . niggaz see . B I G be flossin'
jig on the cover of fortune . five double oh .
here's my phone number your man ain't got to know .
I got to go . got the flow down piz zat .
platinum like thiz zat .
dangerous . on triz zack . leave your ass fliz zat .
Shake . Shake . Shake . your money maker .
Like . you were shakin' it for some paper .
Took . your momma nine months to make ya .
Might as well shake what your momma gave ya .
You . You lookin' good in them jeans
I bet you'd . look even . better with me in between
I keep my mind on my money . Money on my mind
But you'se a hell of a distraction when you shake your behind
I got J O up on my right side po in' some cups
My whole hood is to my left and they ain't givin' a fuck
So feel free to get loose and get carried away
so by tomorrow you forgot what you were sayin' today
but don't forget about this feelin' that I'm makin' you get
and all the calories you burn from me makin' you sweat
the mile high points you earn when we takin' my jet and
how everywhere you turn I'll be makin' you wet cause you can .
switch . switch . switch it from right to left
then switch it . 'til you runnin' right out of breath
and take a . break until you ready again
and . you can . invite over as many friends as .
you want . to but I really want . you
just be thankful that Pharrell gave you somethin' to bump to hey .
Luda . I'm at the top of my game
you want my hands from the bottom to the top of yo' frame
and I . just wanna take a little ride on your curves
and get erotic givin' your body just what it deserves and
let me give you some swimmin' lessons on the penis .
backstroke breast stroke stroke of a genius .
yup . call me the renaissance man get up .
and I stay harder than a cinder block man .
hey . I'm just a bedroom gangster
and I been meanin' to tell ya that I really must thank ya when ya .
rock . rock . rock it and make it work girl .
please don't stop it until it hurt girl .
you . you been lookin' a little tipsy .
so if you could just shake it a little this way .
see I'm a member of the BBC
the original breadwinner . of D T P
and you the center of attention that's distractin' the squad '
cause everybody in the camp is like oh my gawd she could
oh no . the fight's out .
I'm bout to punch yo . lights out .
get the fuck back . guard ya grill
there's somethin' wrong we can't stay . still .
I've been drankin' and bustin' too
and I . been thankin' of bustin' you
upside ya motherfuckin' forehead .
and if your friends jump in oh girl they'll be mo' dead .
'causin' confusion disturbin' the peace
it's . not an illusion we run in the streets
uh . so bye bye to all you groupies and gold diggers
is there a bumper on your ass no nigga
I'm doin' a hundred on the highway .
so if you do the speed limit get the fuck outta my way .
I'm D U I hardly ever caught sober .
and you about to get ran the fuck over .
here I come . here I go .
uh oh don't jump bitch move .
you see them headlights . you hear that fuckin' crowd .
start that goddamn show . I'm comin' through .
hit the stage and knock the curtains down .
I fuck the crowd up . that's what I do .
young and successful . a sex symbol .
the bitches want me to fuck em . true true .
hold up wait up shorty
oh aw wazup . get my dick sucked . what are you doin' .
side linin' my fuckin' business .
tryin' to get my paper . child support suin' .
give me that truck and take that rental back .
who bought these fuckin' TV's and the jewelry bitch tell me that .
no I ain't bitter I don't give a fuck .
but i'ma tell you like this bitch
you bet not walk in front my tour bus .
Two O I'm on the right track
beef got the right mack
hit the trunk grab the pump punk I'll be right back .
we buyin' bars out .
showin' scars out .
we heard there's hoes out so we brought the cars out .
grab the peels 'cause we robbin' tonight .
beat the shit outta security for stoppin' the fight
I got a fifth of the remy fuck the belve and cris .
I'm sellin' shit up in the club like I work in that bitch .
fuck the dress codes it's street clothes we all street niggaz
we on the dance floor . throwin' bows . beatin' up niggaz
I'm from the dec tryna disrespect . D T P .
and watch the bottles start flyin' from the V I P .
fuck this rap shit we clap bitches two in ya body .
grab ya four start a fight dog ruin the party .
so move . bitch get out the way ho
all you faggot mother fuckers make way for two O so
My baby's drama mama don't like me.
She doin' things like havin' them boys come from her neighborhood to the studio tryin' to
fight me.
She need to get a piece of American pie and take her bite out.
That's my house. I disconnect the cable and turn the lights out. .
And let her know her grandchild is a baby and not a paycheck. .
Private school day care shit medical bills I pay that. .
I love your mom and everything
see I ain't the one who laid down. .
She wanna rib you up start a custody war
my lawyers stay down. .
You never got a chance to hear my side of the story.
We was divided. .
She had fish fries and cookouts for my child's birthday
I ain't invited. Despite it .
I show her the utmost respect when I fall through. .
All you do is defend that lady . when I call you. .
Ten times out of nine . Now if I'm lyin' find .
the quickest muzzle throw it on my mouth and I'll decline .
King meets queen then the puppy love thing
Together dream bout that crib with the goodyear swing .
On the oak tree I hope we feel like this forever .
forever . forever ever . forever ever .
forever never seems that long until you're grown .
And notice that the day by day ruler can't be too wrong .
Ms Jackson my intentions were good I wish I could .
become a magician to abracadabra all the sadder .
thoughts of me . thoughts of she . thoughts of he .
askin' what happen to the feelin' that her and me had .
I pray so much about it need some knee pads
it happened for a reason one can't be mad .
So know this know that everything's cool .
And yes I will be present on the first day of school
and graduation .
Look at the way he treats me
shit look at the way you treat me
You see your little nosy ass homegirls
got your ass sent up the creek G .
Without a paddle you left to straddle and ride this thing on out .
I know you and your girl ain't speakin' no more
'cause my dick all in her mouth .
Nam talkin' bout .
jealousy infidelity envy cheating beating
envy and to the G they be the same thing .
Who you placin' the blame on .
you keep on singin' the same song
let bygones be bygones you can go on and get the hell on
you and your mama .
Hustler . word I pull the trigger long; .
Grit my teeth spray 'til every nigga's gone. .
Got my block sewn; armored dope spots; .
Last thing I sweat's a sucker punk cop. .
Move like a king when I roll hops. .
You try to flex; BANG another nigga drops. .
You gotta deal with this cause there's no way out;
Why? . Cash money ain't never gonna play out. .
I got nothin' to lose, much to gain;
In my brain . I got a capitalist migraine
I gotta get paid tonight . you're motherfuckin' right.
Think of my grip, check my bitch, keep my game tight. .
So many whores on my jock think I'm a movie star.
nineteen . I got a fifty thousand dollar car. .
Go to school I ain't going for it;
Kiss my ass; . bust the cap on the Moet .
'Cause I don't wanna hear that crap .
I'd rather be a New Jack Hustler .
What's up?; You say you wanna be down?.
Ease back . or motherfucker get beat down;
Out my face . fool I'm the illest
Bulletproof . I die harder than Bruce Willis .
Got my crew in effect I bought 'em new Jags;
So much cash . gotta keep it in Hefty bags.
All I think about is keys and Gs. .
Imagine that . me workin' in Mickey Ds; .
That's a joke cause I'm never gonna be broke. .
When I die there'll be bullets and gunsmoke .
You don't like my liestyle Fuck you. .
I'm rollin' with the New Jack crew.
Here I come . so you better break North.
As I stride my gold chains glide back and forth.
I care nothin' 'bout you and that's evident
All I love is my dope and Dead Presidents .
Sound crazy . Well it isn't
The ends justifies the means that's the system .
I learned that in school then I dropped out;
Hit the streets, checked the grip, and now I got clout. .
I had nothin' and I wanted it; .
You had everything and you flaunted it. .
Turned the needy into the greedy
With cocaine . my success came speedy .
Got me twisted jammed into a paradox .
every dollar I get another brother drops; .
maybe that's the plan and I don't understand
God damn . you got me sinkin' in quicksand .
But since I don't know . and I ain't never learned; .
I gotta get paid; . I got money to earn.
With my posse out on the ave; .
Bump my sounds crack a forty and laugh. .
Cool out and watch my new Benz gleam.
Is this a nightmare . Or the American dream?.
So think twice if you're comin' down my block.
You wanna journey through hell?; Well shit gets hot.
Pregnant teens; children's screams; 
Life is weighed on the scales of a triple beam. .
You don't come here much and you better not;
Wrong move BANG . ambulance cot. .
I gotta get more money than you got; .
So what if some motherfucker gets shot?. .
That's how the game is played;
another brother slain; The wound is deep
BUT they're givin' us a Band Aid. .
My education low but I got long dough.
I'm raised like a Pit Bull my heart pumps Nitro .
Sleep on silk; lie like a politician
My Uzi my best friend; cold as a mortician .
Lock me up it's genocidal catastrophe .
There'll be another one after meË
a hustler .
So I ball so hard muh'er fuckers wanna fine me; .
first niggaz gotta find me. .
What's fifty grand to a muh'er fucker like me?;
Can you please remind me?.
Ball so hard this shit crazy .
y'all don't know that don't shit phase me. .
The Nets could go . O for eighty two
and I look at you like This shit gravy
Ball so hard this shit weird .
we ain't even post be here. .
Ball so hard since we here . it's only right that we be fair. .
Psycho . I'm liable to go Michael . take your pick: .
Jackson . Tyson . Jordan . Game six. .
Ball so hard got a broke clock; . Roleys that don't tick tock. .
Audemars that's losin'' time .
hidden behind all these big rocks.
B Ball so hard I'm shocked too. .
I'm supposed to be locked up too. .
You escaped what I escaped .
you'd be in Paris gettin' fucked up too.
B Ball so hard let's get faded
Le Meurice for like six days. .
Gold bottles . scold models . spillin' Ace on my sick Js.
Ball so hard bitch behave . just might let you meet Ye. .
Chi Town's . D Rose; . I'm movin' the Nets . B K.
She said . Ye can we get married at the mall?;
I said Look you need to crawl 'fore you ball. .
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall .
And show me why you deserve to have it all.
Ball so hard . That shit cray . ain't it J?. .
Ball so hard .
what she order . fish fillet
Ball so hard
your whip so cold . this old thang
ball so hard .
Act like you'll ever be around mother fuckers like this again
Bougie girl . grab my hand .
fuck that bitch she don't wanna dance .
'xcuse my French but I'm in France . I'm just sayin' .
Prince Williams ain't do it right . if you ask me; .
'Cause I was him I woulda married Kate and Ashley
What's Gucci my nigga . What's Louie my killa .
What's drugs my dealer . What's that jacket Margiela .
Doctors say I'm the illest .
'cause I'm suffer from realness .
Got my niggaz in Paris . and they goin' gorillas . Huh. .
You are now watchin' the throne. .
don't let me get in my zone. .
don't let me get in my zone. .
don't let me get in my zone. .
These other niggaz is lyin'. .
Actin' like the summer ain't mine.
I got that hot bitch in my home
You know how many hot bitches I own?. .
don't let me get in my zone. don't let me get in my zone. .
don't let me get in my zone. don't let me get in my zone. .
The stars is in the buildin' They hands is to the ceilin' .
I know I'm 'bout to kill it; How you know? I got that feelin' .
are now watchin' the throne. don't let me into my zone. .
don't let me into my zone. I'm definitely in my zone.
You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
'Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causin' mayhem
When I say I'ma do somethin' I do it;
I don't give a damn what you think; I'm doin' this for me
so fuck the world feed it beans; It's gassed up if it thinks it's stoppin' me.
I'ma be what I set out to be; without a doubt undoubtedly
;And all those who looked down on me I'm tearin' down your balcony
No if ands or buts; don't try to ask him why or how can he;
From infinite down to that last relapse album he's still shittin'
whether he's on salary paid hourly
until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him;
whichever comes first, for better or worse.
He's married to the game; like a fuck you for christmas
his gift is a curse.
okay quit playin' with the scissors and shit and cut the crap.
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm
for you to know it's a wrap.
You said you was king; you lied through your teeth;
for that fuck your feelings
instead of gettin' crowned you're gettin' capped.
And to the fans: I'll never let you down again I'm back;
I promise to never go back on that promise
In fact let's be honest that last relapse CD was eh;
perhaps I ran them accents into the ground;
relax I ain't goin' back to that now.
All I'm tryin' to say is get back click clack blaow ;
'Cause I ain't playin' around
There's a game called circle and I don't know how;
I'm way too up to back down ;
But I think I'm still tryin' to figure this crap out.
It was my decision to get clean; I did it for me;
admittedly I pro'bly did it subliminally for you;
so I could come back a brand new me.
You helped see me through
And don't even realize you did 'cause believe me you:
I've been through the wringer
;but they could do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye; I feel like the king of
my world. haters can make like bees with no stingers
and drop dead. No more beef lingers
No more drama From now on I promise
to focus solely on handlin' my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters
and raise it; you couldn't lift a single shingle on it.
'Cause the way I feel I'm strong enough to go to the club
or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up;
Cause I'm raising the bar.
I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazin' at stars.
I feel amazing and I'm not afraid
One . two . three and to the . fo' .
Snoop Doggy Dogg and Doctor Dre is at the . do' .
Ready to make an entrance so back on up .
'cause you know we're bout to rip shit up .
Gimme the microphone first so I can bust like a bubble .
Compton and Long Beach together
now you know you in trouble .
Ain't nuttin' but a G thang baby .
Two loc'ed out niggaz so we're crazy .
Death Row is the label that pays me .
Unfadeable so please don't try to . fade this
But uh back to the lecture at hand .
Perfection is perfected so'ma let em understand .
from a young G's perspective .
And before me dig out a bitch I have to find a contraceptive .
You never know she could be earnin' her man
and learnin' her man . and at the same time burnin' her man
Now you know I ain't with that shit Lieutenant .
Ain't no pussy good enough to get burnt while I'm up in it .
And that's realer than Real Deal Holy field .
And now you hookers and hoes know how I feel .
Well if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk
I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff .
Well I'm peepin' and I'm creepin' and I'm . creep in .
But I damn near got caught . 'cause my beeper kept beepin'
Now it's time for me to make my impression felt .
So sit back relax and strap on your seatbelt
You never been on a ride like this befo' .
with a producer who can rap and control the maestro .
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I . kick .
You know and I know I flow some ol' funky shit .
to add to my collection the selection symbolizes dope
take a toke but don't choke
If you do . you'll have no clue
on what me and my homey Snoop Dogg came to do .
Fallin' back on that ass with a hellafied gangsta lean .
Gettin' funky on the mic like a old batch of collard greens .
It's the capital S oh yes I'm fresh N double O P .
D O double G Y D O double G ya see .
Showin' much flex when it's time to wreck a mic
Pimpin' hoes and clockin' a grip like my name was Dolomite .
Yeah . and it don't quit .
I think they in the mood for some motherfuckin' G shit .
So Dre . Whattup Dog
Gotta give em what they . want . What's that G?
We gotta break em off somethin' Hell yeah!
and it's gotta be bumpin' City of Compton .
It's where it takes place so when asked yo' attention
Mobbin' like a muh'fucker but I ain't lynchin'
Droppin' the funky shit
that's makin' the sucka niggaz mumble .
When I'm on the mic it's like a cookie they all . crumble
Try to get close and your ass'll get smacked .
My motherfuckin' homie Doggy Dogg has got my back .
Never let me slip 'cause if I slip then I'm slippin' .
But if I got my Nina then you know I'm straight trippin' .
And I'ma continue to put the rap down put the mack down .
And if you bitches talk shit . I'll have to put the smack down
Yeah . and you don't stop .
I told you I'm just like a clock when I tick and I tock .
But I'm never off always on to the break of dawn
C O M P T O N and the city they call Long Beach .
Puttin' the shit together .
Like my nigga D O C No One Can Do it better .
first things first I poppa freaks all the honies
dummies playboy bunnies those wantin' money .
those the ones I like 'cause they don't get Nathan
but penetration .
unless it smells like sanitation
garbage I turn like doorknobs .
heart throb never black and ugly as ever
however I stay Coogi down to the socks .
rings . and watch filled with rocks .
and my jam knock in your Mitsubishi .
girls pee pee when they see me
Navajos creep me in they tee pee .
as I lay down laws like Alan Copit .
stop it . if you think they gonna make a profit .
don't see my ones don't see my guns get it .
now tell ya friends Poppa hit it . then split it .
in two as I flow with the junior mafia
I don't know what the hell's stoppin' ya
I'm clockin' ya Versace shades watchin' ya .
once ya grin I'm in game begin .
first I talk about how I dresses this in
diamond necklaces stretch Lexuses
the sex is just immaculate . from the back I get
deeper and deeper help ya reach the .
climax that your man can't make
call him tell him you'll be home real late
and sing the break .
she's sick of that song on how it's so long
thought he worked his until I handled my biz
there I is . Major Payne like Damon Wayans
low down dirty even like his brother Kee
schemin' . don't leave ya girl round me .
true player for real ask Puff Daddy .
you . ringin' bells with bags from Chanel
baby Benz traded in your Hyundai excel .
fully equipped CD changer with the cell .
she beeped me meet me at twelve .
where you at flippin' jobs payin' car notes .
while I'm swimmin' in ya women like the breast stroke .
right stroke . left stroke was the best stroke .
death stroke . tongue all down her throat .
nuttin' left to do but send her home to you
I'm through . can ya sing the song for me boo? .
so what's it gonna be him or me .
we can cruise the world with pearls . gator boots for girls .
the envy of all women crushed linen .
Cartier wrist wear with diamonds in 'em
the finest women I love with a passion .
ya man's a wimp I give that ass a good thrashin' .
high fashion flyin' into all states .
sexin' me while ya man masturbates .
isn't this great your flight leaves at eight
her flight lands at nine my game just rewinds .
lyrically I'm supposed to represent
I'm not only the client . I'm the player president .
Now shorty she in the club she dancing for dollas .
She got a thing for that Gucci that Fendi that Prada .
That B C B G Burberry Dolce and Gabana .
She feed them foolish fantasies
they pay her 'cause they wanna .
I spit a little G man and my game got her .
A hour later have that ass up in the Ramada .
Them trick niggas in her ear saying they think about her .
I got the bitch by the bar trying to get a drink up out her .
She like my style she like my smile she like the way I talk .
She from the country
think she like me 'cause I'm from New York
I ain't that nigga trying to holla 'cause I want some head .
I'm that nigga trying holla 'cause I want some bread .
I could care less how she perform when she in the bed .
Bitch hit that track . catch a date and come and pay the kid .
Look baby this is simple you can't see .
You fucking with me you fucking with a P I M P .
I'm bout my money you see girl you can holla at me
If you fucking with me I'm a P I M P
Not what you see on TV no Cadillac no greasy
Head full of hair bitch I'm a P I M P
Come get money with me if you curious to see
how it feels to be with a P I M P
Roll in the Benz with me you could watch TV
From the backseat of my V I'm a P I M P
Girl we could pop some champagne and we could have a ball .
We could toast to the good life girl we could have it all .
We could really splurge girl and tear up the mall .
If ever you needed someone I'm the one you should call .
I'll be there to pick you up if ever you should fall .
If you got problems I can solve 'em they big or they small .
That other nigga you be with ain't bout shit .
I'm your friend your father and confidant BITCH .
I told you fools befo' . I stay with the tools
I keep a Benz some rims . and some jewels .
I holla at a hoe . til I got a bitch confused .
She got on Pay less . me I got on gator shoes .
I'm shopping for chinchillas . in the summer they cheaper .
Man this hoe you can have her
when I'm done I ain't gon keep her .
Man bitches come and go . every nigga pimpin' know .
You sayin' it's secret but you ain't gotta keep it on the low .
Bitch choose with me I'll have you stripping in the street .
Put my other hoes down you get your ass beat .
Now Nik my bottom bitch
she always come up with my bread .
The last nigga she was with put stitches in her head .
Get your hoe out of pocket I'll put a charge on a bitch .
'Cause I need 4 TVs and A M Gs for the six .
Hoe make a pimp rich . I ain't paying bitch .
Catch a date suck a dick shit TRICK
Had to play catch by myself . what a sorry sight .
A pitiful plight so I pray . for a starry night
Please send me a pops before puberty
the things I wouldn't do to see a piece of family uni ty .
Moms always work I barely see her .
I'm startin' to get worried without a pops I'll grow to . be her .
It's a wonder they don't understand kids today .
so when I pray . I pray I'll never grow to be that way .
And I hope that he answers me .
I heard God don't like ugly well take a look at my family .
A different father every weekend .
Before we get to meet him they break up before the week ends .
I'm gettin' sick of all the freind ships .
As soon as we kick it he done split and the whole shit ends quick .
How can I be a man if there's no role model .
Strivin' to save my soul I stay cold drinkin' a forty bottle
so sorry .
Moms had to entertain many men
Didn't wanna do it but it's time to pay the rent again
I'm gettin' a bit . older and I'm startin' to be a bother .
Moms can't stand me 'cause I'm lookin' like my father .
Should I stay or run away tell me the answer
Moms ignores me and avoids me like cancer .
Grow up rough and it's hard to understand stuff .
Moms was tough . 'causec poppa wasn't man enough .
Couldn't stand up . to his own responsibilities
stead of takin' care of me he'd rather live lavishly .
That's why I'll never be a father .
unless you got the time it's a crime don't even bother .
That's when I started hatin' the phony smiles
Said I was an only child Look at mama's lonely smile .
It's hard for a son to see his mother cry
She only loves you but has to fuck with these other guys .
I'm so sorry .
Man child in the promised land couldn't afford many heroes .
Moms was the only one there my pops was a no show .
And oh . I guess ya didn't know
that I would grow to be so strong .
Lookin' kinda pale was it the ale oh pops was wrong
Where was the money that you said . you would send me
talked on the phone and you sounded so friendly
Ask about school and my welfare .
but it's clear you ain't sincere hey who the hell cares .
You think I'm blind but this time I see you comin' Jack .
You grabbed your coat left us broke now ain't no runnin' back .
Askin' bout my moms like you loved her from the start .
Left her in the dark she fell apart from a broken heart .
So don't even start . with that wanna be your father shit .
Don't even bother with your dollars I don't need it .
I'll bury moms like you left me all alone G .
Now that I finally you stay the Fuck away from me
so sorry .
I never meant to leave but I was wanted
Crossed too many people every house I'd touch was haunted .
Had to watch the strangers every brother was a danger
If I was to keep you breathin' . had to be out of range uh .
Had to move one to lost my name and pick the number .
Made me watch my back I had no happy home to run to .
Maybe it's my fault for bein' a father livin' fast .
But livin' slow mean half the dough and won't you kissin' ass .
Hindsight shows me it was wrong all along .
I wanted to make some dough so you would grow to be so strong .
It took a little longer than I thought .
I slipped got caught . and sent to jail by the courts .
Now I'm doin' time and I wish you'd understand .
all I ever wanted was for you to be a man .
and grow to be the type you was meant to be .
Keep the war fightin' by the writings that you sent to me
I'm so sorry .
I remember one year
my mom took me school shoppin'
it was me my brother my mom oh my pop and my little sister
all hopped in the car .
we headed downtown to the gallery mall .
my mom started buggin' with the clothes she chose
I didn't say nothin' at first
I just turned up my nose .
she said what's wrong this shirt . cost twenty dollars
I said mom . this shirt is plaid with a butterfly collar .
the next half hour was the same old thing
my mother buyin' me clothes from nineteen sixty three
and then she lost her mind and did the ultimate .
I asked her for adidas and she bought me zips
I said mom what are you doin' . ya ruin my rep
she said you're only sixteen you don't have a rep yet
I said mom let's put these clothes back please
she said no . you go to school to learn not for a fashion show .
I said this isn't sha na na come on mom i'm not bowzer
mom please put back the bell bottom Brady bunch trousers .
but if you don't want to I can live with that but
you gotta put back . the double knit reversible slacks .
she wasn't moved everything stayed the same .
inevitably the first day of school came .
I thought I could get over . I tried to play sick .
but my mom said no no way . uh . forget it
there was nothin' I could do . I tried to relax
I got dressed up in those ancient artifacts
and when I walked into school . it was just as I thought
the kids were crackin' up . laughin' at the clothes mom bought .
and those who weren't laughin' still had a ball
cause they were pointin' and whisperin'
as I walked down the hall
I got home and told my mom how my day went .
she said if they were laughing you don't need them
'cause they're not good friends .
for the next six hours I tried to explain to my mom .
that I was gonna have to go through this about . two hundred more times .
so to you all the kids all across the land .
there's no need to argue
parents just don't understand .
Oh kay . here's the situation .
my parents went away on a week's vacation and .
they left the keys to the brand new porsche .
would they mind
um well of course not .
I'll just take it for a little spin
and maybe show it off to a couple of friends .
i'll just cruise it around the neighborhood
well maybe I shouldn't .
yeah of course I should .
pay attention here's the thick of the plot
I pulled up to the corner at the end of my block .
that's when I saw this beautiful girlie girl walkin'
I picked up my car phone to perpetrate like I was talkin' .
you should've seen this girl's bodily dimensions
I honked my horn just to get her attention
she said . was that for me
I said yeah
she said why
I said come on and take a ride with a helluva guy .
she said how do I know you're not sick .
you could be some deranged lunatic .
I said c'mon toots . my name is the Prince
beside would a lunatic have a porsche like this .
she agreed and we were on our way .
she was lookin' very good and so was I . must say word .
we hit mcdonald's . pulled into the drive
we ordered two big macs and two large fries with cokes .
she kicked her shoes off . onto the floor
she said . drive fast speed turns me on
she put her hand on my knee . I put my foot on the gas
we almost got whiplash I took off so fast .
the sun roof was open . the music was high
and this girl's hand was steadily movin' up my thigh
she had opened up three buttons on her shirt so far .
I guess that's why I didn't notice that police car .
we're doin' ninety in my mom's new porsche
and to make this long story short . short .
when the cop pulled me over I was scared as hell
I said I don't . have a license but I drive very well officer .
almost had a heart attack that day .
come to find out the girl . was a twelve year old runaway .
I was arrested . the car was impounded .
there was no way for me to avoid bein' grounded .
my parents had to come off from vacation to get me .
I'd rather be in jail than to have my father hit me .
my parents walked in
I got my grip I said ah mom dad . how was your trip .
they didn't speak I said I want to plead my case
but my father just shoved me in the car by my face
that was a hard ride home . I don't know how I survived
they took turns . one would beat me while the other was drivin' .
I can't believe it I just made a mistake
well . parents are the same no matter time nor place .
so to you all the kids all across the land .
take it from me . parents just don't understand
check it out . 'cause ice is rhymin' .
to the top I keep on climbin'
suckers . thought I couldn't swing this .
now I rock the crowd and get a pump fist
go ice . everybody is sayin' .
to the funky beat that's playin'
if you wanna stop me you can't hang .
vanilla in this with a shotgun bang
extreme . is where im takin' it
one week MCs just keep on fakin' it
smooth . like strawberry ice cream
flow with the beat real smooth and nicely
ladies . I wanna rock with you .
and later in the night you know i'd like to pursue .
somethin' . real sexy and nice .
play that funky music . vanilla ice .
some people . thought I wouldn't break .
then I stuffed number one in their face
never . forget where I came from
don't lose your head . heh cause you can get dumb
do it . is my motto for the moment
get in my way i'll knock you out like my opponent
in this life it's one for all .
all for one and allow no downfall
punks . always wanna get some .
pick pockets and then they try to play dumb
yo . take it from the ice man
lyrical poet with a master plan .
tellin' you how it is in show biz .
a white rapper with some street knowledge .
I write the rhyme for you .
drop this one for the V I P crew .
your weakenin' fast no . and I can tell it .
your body's gettin' hot so . so I can smell it .
so don't be mad . and don't be sad .
'cause your lyrics belong to ice .
you can call me dad
your pitchin' a fit so step back and endure uh .
witch doctor ice will do the dance to cure uh .
come up close . ha . and don't be square .
you wanna battle me anytime anywhere .
you thought that I was weak .
boy your dead wrong .
come on everybody it's sing this song
say play that funky music .
play that funky music
say go white boy go white boy go
go white boy go white boy go
just lay down and boogie and play that funky music till you die .
Me and Kid Sensation That home away from home
In the black Benz limo with the cellular phone
I'm callin' up the posse It's time to get rippin'
The freaks a need sun roof . to keep you sucka's trippin' .
Everybody's lookin' If your jealous turn around
The A M G kick . keeps us closer to the ground
We're gettin' good . grip . from the fifty series tires .
The alpine's bumpin' but I need the volume higher
'cause the eight oh eight kick . drum makes the girlies get . dumb
we're rollin' rainier and the jealous wanna get some
every time we do the sucka M C's wanna battle
I'm the man they love to hate the J R ewing of Seattle .
picked up . the posse on twenty third and Jackson
headin' for the strip . yes we're lookin' for some action
the limo's kinda crowded the whole car was leanin' back .
Maharaji's watchin' T V with two girlies on his lap .
on Martin Luther king the set looks kinda dead .
we need a new street . so posse move ahead .
we all look kinda swass . the crew you can't forget .
the mix a lot posse cole rippin' up the set .
rollin' and my posse was gettin' kinda bored
there's not another posse with more points scored
we don't walk around like criminals or flex like big gorillas .
my homeboy kid sensation is the teenage lady killa
Maharaji's on the def side dancin' like a freak .
the girlies see his booty and their knees get weak .
Larry is the white guy people think he's funny .
a real estate investa who makes a lot of money .
clockin' lots of dollas we all got gold .
cruzin' in the benz and ain't got no place to go .
wheelin' twenty third we saw nuthin' but thugs .
the girlies was too skinny from smokin' all them drugs
'cause the rock man got 'em and their butts just dropped .
the freaks looked depressed because the benz won't stop .
at twenty third and union the driver broke left .
Kevin shouted Broadway it's time to get def .
my girl blew me a kiss . she said I was the best .
she's lookin' mighty freaky in her black silk dress .
the closer that we get . the crazier I feel
the posse's on Broadway it's time to get ill
cruzin' Broadway and my wheels spin slow
rollin' with your posse is the only way to go .
the girlies by the college was lookin' for a ride
we tried to pick them up but we had no room inside .
we put um on the trunk . we put um on the hood .
some sat up with the driver they made him feel good .
the posse's gettin' bigger there's much too many freaks .
my muffler's draggin' my suspension's gettin' weak
now the freaks are gettin' hungry and MixaLot's treatin' .
we stopped at taco bell for some Mexican eatin'
but taco bell was closed the girls was on my tip .
they said go back the other way we'll stop and eat at Dick's .
Dick's is the place where the crew hang out .
the swass like to play and the rich flaunt clout .
posse to the burger stand so big we walk in twos
we're gettin' dirty looks from those other sucka crews
kid sensation dropped a twenty . and didn't even miss it
skeeza from anotha crew . she picked it up and kissed it .
her boyfriend's illin' he went to slap her face .
my homeboy P L B cold sprayed the boy with mace
'cause I never liked a punk . who beat up on his girl
if you don't have game then let her leave your world .
we took his girl with us
with him she rode the bus
she gave the boy the finga and the sucka starts to cuss
boy I gotta def . posse you gotta bunch of dudes .
you're broke cole cryin' bout the rock man blues .
you beat up on your girl . and now you're all upset
she's with the MixALot posse on the Broadway set .
all my life I wanted to make it to the top .
some said I wouldn't they told me no but I didn't stop .
workin' hard makin' those moves every day .
and on my knees every night you know I pray .
now I just think that you can do what ever you want .
I'm bustin' these rhymes making this money and I won't .
forget my people or my town or my ways .
and on my knees every night I'm still gon' pray .
time and time and time and time and time again .
I kept on knockin' but these people wouldn't let me in .
I tried and tried and tried and tried to make a way .
but nothin' happened 'til that day that I prayed .
children dyin' oh so fast from this or that .
need that money walkin' that dope smokin' that crack .
ten years old stand outside better look out .
dead and gone . never had a chance . what's it all about .
on a mission start to doubt here we go .
kicking back read these words we need to know .
livin' high livin' good livin' long .
take a minute bust a prayer and you're good to go .
Now as I get to school I hear the late bell ringin'
runnin' through the hall I hear the glee club singin'
;get to the office I can hardly speak
'cause it's the third late pass that I got this week.
So to my first class I run and don't walk;
all I hear is my sneakers and the scratchin' of chalk.
And when I get to the room I hear the teacher say:
Mister Young I'm happy that a you could join us today
I try to sit down so I can take some notes
but I can't read what the kid next to me wrote.
and if that wasn't enough to make my morning complete
as I try to get up I find this gum on my seat.
Now with the seat stuck to me I raised my hand
and said excuse me but can I go to the bathroom maam?.
the teacher got upset and she screamed out no
it's off to the principal's office you go.
Twelve o'clock comes with mass hysteria
everybody rushes down to the cafeteria
picked up my tray to have Thursday's lunch
and when I tried the apple sauce I heard it crunch.
I'm runnin' up the stairs with my front tooth broken
the nurse just laughed and said you must be jokin'
I looked up at her with a smile on my face
no joke 'cause my front tooth is out of place.
so I walked to school with ice on my lip;
a nurse's late pass like a gun on my hip.
my books are real heavy I'm walkin' I'm draggin' it
no school lunch next week I'm brown baggin' it.
forget class I'm a shoot some ball;
with the late pass I got no trouble at all.
but then the nurse walks up and says what do you know:
it's off to the principal's office you go.
passin' notes is my favorite time;
I can't wait to find a girl to pass mine
to to express my feelin'
give me a week me and the girl will be dealin'
now one young lady was lookin' at me;
I said hi my name is Marvin known as Young MC
but then the bell rang and the teacher came in
and that's when the game of passin' notes would begin
I wrote the first note told her she was fine
and I hoped that the two of us could spend some time;
she wrote me back and told me you're fine too I'd love
to go on a date and spend some time with you.
so then I sat there reelin' and lookin' at the ceilin'
words can't express the way that I was feelin'
then I thought to myself the sure way to get her
is to write another note oh yes a love letter
when I finished the note it was ready to pass;
the teacher took it and read it right in front of the class.
she read it word by word and line by line
and everybody who was laughin' was a friend of mine.
even my girl was laughin' it was too late
for me to write another note 'cause there would be no date.
the teacher looked at me and I said I know
it's off to the principal's office I go.
I said a hip . hop . the hippie . the hippie
to the hip hip hop and you don't stop
a rock it to the bang bang boogie
say up . jump the boogie to the rhythm of the boogie the beat .
now what you hear is not a test I'm rappin' . to the beat .
and me the groove . and my friends are gonna try to move your feet .
see I am . wonder mike and i'd like to say hello .
to the black to the white the red and the brown the purple and yellow
but first I gotta . bang bang the boogie to the boogie
say up jump the boogie to the bang bang boogie
let's rock . you don't stop .
rock the rhythm that'll make your body rock .
well so . far you've heard my voice uh but I brought two friends along .
and next on the mic is my man hank c'mon hank sing that song .
well I'm like Johnny Carson on the late show
a like Frankie Crocker in stereo
well like the Barkay's singin' holy ghost
the sounds to throw down . uh they're played the most
it's uh like my man . uh captain sky
whose name he earned with his super sperm .
we rock . and we don't stop .
uh get off y'all . I'm here to give you whatcha got
uh to the beat that it makes you freak
and come alive girl . uh get on your feet .
a like a Perry Mason without a case .
like Farrah Fawcett without her face
like the Barkay's . on the mic
like gettin' right down . for you tonight
like movin' your body so you don't know how .
right to the rhythm and throw down .
like comin' alive to the master gee .
the brother who rocks so viciously
I said the age of one my life begun
at the age of two I was doin' the do
at the age of three it was you and me .
rockin' to the sounds of the master gee
at the age of four I was on the floor
givin' all the freaks what they bargained for
at the age of five I didn't take no jive
'cause with the master gee it's all the way live
at the age of six I was a pickin' up sticks .
rappin' to the beat my stick was fixed
at the age of seven I was rockin' in heaven don'tcha know .
I went off .
I gotta run on down to the beat you see
gettin' right on down makin' all the girls .
just take off their cloths to the beat the beat
to the double beat beat that makes you freak .
at the age of eight I was uh really great
'cause every night you see . I had a date
at the age of nine I was uh right on time
'cause every night . I had a party rhyme .
going on 'n 'n on 'n on on 'n on .
the beat don't stop until the break of dawn .
a sayin' on 'n 'n on 'n on on 'n on
like a hot buttered pop de pop de popcorn
check it out I'm the C a S N the O V a and the rest is F L Y .
you see I go by the code of the doctor of the mix and these reasons i'll tell you why .
you see I'm six foot one and I'm tons of fun and I dress . to a T .
you see I got more clothes than Muhammad Ali and I dress so viciously .
I got bodygaurds I got two big cars that definitely ain't the wack .
I got a Lincoln continental and . a sunroofed Cadillac .
so after school I take a dip in the pool which is really . on the wall .
I got a color TV . so I can see . the knicks play basketball
hear me talk about checkbooks credit cards mo' money uh than a sucker . could ever spend
but I wouldn't give a sucker or a bum form the rucker not a dime 'til I made it again
everybody go ho . tel . mo . tell . whatcha gonna do today
Say 'cos I'm a get a fly girl gonna get some spank n' drive off in a def O J
everybody go ho . tel . mo . tell . holiday inn .
say if your girl starts actin' up . then you take her friend .
uh master gee . uh my mellow .
it's on you so whatcha gonna do .
well it's on 'n on 'n on on 'n on
the beat don't stop until the break of dawn
I said a M a S . a T E R . a G with a double E .
I said I go by the unforgettable name of the man they call the master gee
well . my name is known all over the world
by all the foxy ladies and the pretty girls .
I'm goin' down in history
as the baddest rapper there ever could be
now I'm feelin' the highs and you're feelin' the lows .
the beat starts gettin' in to your toes
you start poppin' your fingers and stompin' your feet .
and movin' your body while you're sitting in your seat
and then damn . ya start doin' the freak
I said damn uh . a right outta your seat
then you throw your hands high in the air .
ya rockin' to the rhythm shake your derriere .
ya rockin' to the beat without a care .
with the sureshot MCs for the affair
now I'm not as tall as the rest of the gang .
but I rap to the beat . just the same .
I got a little face and . a pair of brown eyes
all I'm here to do ladies is hypnotize .
singin' on 'n 'n on N on on 'n on .
the beat don't stop until the break of dawn .
I'm singin' on 'n 'n on N on on 'n on
like a hot buttered pop da pop da pop dibbie dibbie
pop da pop pop ya don't dare stop
come alive y . 'all gimme whatcha got .
I guess by now you can take a hunch .
and find that I am the baby of the bunch
but that's okay I still keep in stride
'cos all I'm here to do is just wiggle your behind
singin' on 'n 'n on N on 'n on .
the beat don't stop until the break of dawn
and singin' on 'n 'n on N on on 'n on
rock rock y'all throw it on the floor
I'm gonna freak you here I'm gonna freak you there
I'm gonna move you outta this atmosphere
'cos I'm one of a kind and i'll shock your mind
i'll put T T tickets in your behind
I said a one . two . three four come on girls . uh get on the floor
a come alive y'all . a gimme whatcha got
'cos I'm guaranteed to make you rock
I said one . two . three four tell me wonder mike what are you waiting for .
said a hip hop the hippie to the hippie
the hip hip a hop and you don't stop .
rockin' to the bang bang the boogie say up jump the boogie
to the rhythm of the boogie the beat .
a skiddle E be bop we rock uh Scooby Doo
and guess what . America we love you
because you rocked and a rolled with uh so much soul
you could rock 'til you're hundred and one years old .
I don't mean to brag I don't mean to boast .
but we like hot butter on our breakfast toast .
rock it up . uh baby bubba .
baby bubba to the boogie da bang bang da boogie
to the beat . beat . it's so unique .
come on everybody and dance to the beat .
hip . hop . the hippie . the hippie
dip E hip hip a hop and you don't stop .
rock it out baby bubba to the boogie da bang bang
the boogie to the boogie the beat .
I say I can't wait 'til the end of the week
when I'm rappin' to the rhythm of a groovy beat
and attempt to raise your body heat
uh just blow your mind so uh that you can't speak
and do a thing but a rock and shuffle your feet .
and let it change up to a dance called the freak
and when you finally come into your rhythmic beat .
rest a little while so you don't get weak .
I . know . a man named Hank .
he has more rhymes than a serious bank
so come on Hank . sing that song .
to the rhythm of the boogie the bang bang da bong .
well I'm imp the dimp . the ladies' pimp .
the women fight for my delight
but I'm the grandmaster with the three MCs
that shock the house for the young ladies
and when you come inside . into the front .
you do the freak spank and do the bump
and when the sucker MC try to prove a point
we're treacherous trio . uh we're the serious joint
a from sun to sun and from day to day .
I sit down and write a brand new rhyme
because they say that miracles never cease .
i've created . a devastating masterpiece
I'm gonna rock the mic . 'til you can't resist .
everybody . I say it goes like this
well I was comin' home late one dark afternoon .
reporter stopped me for an interview
she said she's heard stories and she's heard fables
that I'm vicious on the mic . and the turntable
this young reporter I did adore .
so I rocked some vicious rhymes like I never did before
she said damn fly guy I'm in love with you .
the Casanova legend must have been true
I said by the way baby what's your name .
said I go by the name . Lois lane
and you could be my boyfriend you surely can .
just let me quit my boyfriend called superman
I said he's a fairy . I do suppose .
flyin' through the air . in pantyhose
he may be very sexy or even cute .
but he looks like a sucker in a blue and red suit
I said you need a man . who's got finesse .
and his whole name . across his chest
he may be able to fly all through the night .
but can he rock a party 'til the early light
he can't satisfy you with his little worm .
but I can bust you out with my super sperm
I go do it . I go do it . I go do it do it do it .
an' I'm here . and I'm there . I'm big bank hank I'm everywhere
uh just throw your hands up in the air .
and party hardy like you just don't care
let's do it . uh don't stop y'all . a tick uh tock y'all . you don't stop .
go ho . tel . mo . tell . whatcha gonna do today .
I'm gonna get a fly girl gonna get some spank 'n drive off in a def O J
everybody go ho . tel . mo . tell . holiday inn .
you say if your girl starts actin' up . then you take her friend .
I say skip . dive . what can I say .
I can't fit 'em all inside my O J
so I just take half . and bust 'em out
I give the rest to master gee so he can shock the house .
it was twelve o'clock and one Friday night
I was rockin' to the beat feelin' all right
everybody was dancin' . on the floor
doin' all the things they never did before
and then this fly fly girl with a sexy lean
she came into the bar she came into the scene .
as she travelled deeper inside the room
all the fellas checked out . her white sassoons
she came up to the table looked into my eyes
then she turned around . and shook her behind
so I said to myself it's time for me to release .
my vicious rhyme I call my masterpiece
and now people in the house this is just for you .
a little rap to make you boogaloo
now the group you hear is called phase two
and let me tell you somethin' we're a helluva crew .
once a week uh we're on the street
just to cut in the jams . and look at your feet
for ya you to party gotta have the moves
so we'll get right down and get you a groove
for you to dance . you got to be hot
so we'll get right down and make you rock
now the system's on and the girls are there .
you definitely have . a rockin' affair
but let me tell you somethin' there's still one fact
and to have a party got to have a rap
so when the party's over . you're makin' it home .
and tryin' to sleep before the break of dawn
and while you're sleepin' you start to dream .
and thinkin' how you danced on the disco scene .
my name appears . in your mind
yeah a name you know that was right on time
it was phase two uh just uh doin' a do .
rockin' you down 'cos you knew we could
to the rhythm of the beat that makes you freak
uh come alive girls . uh get on your feet .
uh to the rhythm of the beat to the beat the beat
to the double beat beat that makes you freak
uh to the rhythm of the beat that says you go on .
on 'n on into the break of dawn
now I got a man comin' on right now .
he's guaranteed . to throw down
he goes by the name of uh wonder mike .
come on wonder mike do what you like .
I say a can of beer that's sweeter than honey
like a millionaire . that has no money
like a rainy day that is not wet .
like a gamblin' fiend that does not bet .
like Dracula . without his fangs
like the boogie to the boogie without the boogie bang
like collard greens that don't taste good .
like a tree that's not made out of wood .
like goin' up . and not comin' down .
is just like the beat without the sound on sound
to the beat . beat . you do the freak
everybody just rock and dance to the beat .
have you ever went over a friends house to eat .
and the food just ain't no good .
I mean the macaroni's soggy the peas are mushed
and the chicken tastes like wood .
uh so you try to play it off like you think you can
by uh sayin' that you're full .
and then your friend says mama he's just being polite
he ain't finished uh uh that's bull .
so your heart starts pumpin' and you think of a lie
and you say that you already ate .
and your friend says man there's plenty of food
so you pile some more on your plate .
while the stinky food's steamin' your mind starts to dreamin'
of the moment it's time to leave .
and then you look at your plate and your chicken's slowly rottin'
into somethin' that looks like cheese .
oh so you say that's it I gotta leave this place
I don't care what these people think .
I'm just sittin' here makin' myself nauseous
with this ugly food that stinks .
uh so you bust out the door while it's still closed
still sick from the food you ate .
and then you run to the store for quick relief
from a bottle of kaopectate .
and then you call your friend uh two weeks later .
to see how he has been .
and he says I understand about the food
baby bubba but we're still friends .
with a hip . hop . the hippie to the hippie
the hip hip a hop a you don't stop the rockin'
to the bang bang boogie
say up jump the boogie to the rhythm of the boogie the beat .
I said uh hank . uh can ya rock .
can ya rock to the rhythm that just don't stop
uh can ya hip me to . the shoobie doo
I said uh come on make me make the people move .
I go to the halls and then ring the bell
because I am the man with the clientele
and if ya ask me why . I rock so well
a big bang . I got clientele
uh from the time I was only six years old .
I never forgot . what I was told
it was the best advice . that I ever had .
it came from my wise dear old dad
he said sit down punk I wanna talk to you .
and don't say a word . til I'm through
now there's a time to laugh . a time to cry .
a time to live and a time to die .
a time to break and a time to chill .
to act civilized or act real ill
but whatever you do . in your lifetime .
you never let an MC steal your rhyme
so from six to six 'til this very day .
i'll always remember what he had to say
so when the sucker MCs try to chump my style .
I let them know that I'm versatile
I got style finesse and a little black book .
that's filled with rhymes and I know you wanna look
but the thing that seperates you from me .
and that is called originality
because my rhymes are on . from what you heard .
I didn't even bite not a god damn word
and I say a little more later on tonight .
so the sucker MCs can bite all night
a tick a tock y'all . a beat beat y'all .
a let's rock y'all . you don't stop .
ya go ho . tel . mo . tell . whatcha gonna do today
Say yes I'm a get a fly girl gonna get some spank and drive off in a def O J
everybody go ho . tel . mo . tell . holiday inn .
ya say if your girl starts actin' up . then you take her friends .
a like that y . 'all to the beat y . 'all
beat beat y'all . ya don't stop .
a Master G . uh my mellow .
it's on you . so whatcha gonna do .
it was a clear black night . a clear white moon
Warren G was on the streets . tryin' to consume .
some skirts for the eve so I can get some funk
just rollin' in my ride . chillin' all alone
just hit the eastside of the L B C
on a mission tryin' to find mister Warren G
seen a car full of girls ain't no need to tweak
all of you skirts know what's up with 2 1 3
so I hooks a left on 2 1 and Lewis
some brothers shootin' dice so I said let's do this
I jumped out the ride . and said what's up .
some brothers pulled some gats so I said I'm . stuck .
since these girls peepin' me i'ma glide and swerve
these hookers lookin' so hard they straight hit the curb
on to bigger better things than some horny tricks
I see my homey and some suckers all in his mix .
I'm gettin' jacked . I'm breakin' myself .
I can't believe . they takin' Warren's wealth
they took my rings . they took my rolex .
I looked at the brother said damn what's next .
they got my homey hemmed up and they all around
ain't none of them seein' if they goin' straight pound for pound
they wanna come up real quick before they start to clown
I best pull out my strap and lay them busters down .
they got guns to my head . I think I'm goin' down .
I can't believe this happenin' in my own town
if I had wings I could fly let me contemplate
I glanced in the cut and I see my homey Nate .
sixteen in the clip and one in the hole
nate dogg is about to make some bodies turn cold
now they droppin' and yellin' it's a tad bit late .
Nate Dogg and Warren G had to regulate .
I laid all them busters down I let my gat explode
now I'm switchin' my mind back into freak mode
if you want skirts sit back and observe
I just left a gang of those over there on the curb .
now nate got the freaks and that's a known fact .
before I got jacked I was on the same track .
back up back up cause it's on .
N a T E and me . the Warren to the G
just like I thought they were in the same spot
in need of some desperate help
the Nate Dogg and the G child were in need of somethin' else
one of them dames was sexy as hell
I said ooh I like your size .
she said my car's broke down
and you seem real nice would ya let . me ride .
I got a car full of girls and it's goin' real swell .
the next stop is the eastside motel .
I'm tweakin' . into a whole new era .
G funk step to this I dare ya
funk . on a whole new level
the rhythm is the bass and the bass is the treble
chords . strings . we brings . melody .
G funk . where rhythm is life . and life is rhythm .
if you know like I know
you don't wanna step to this .
it's the G funk era funked out with a gangsta twist .
if you smoke like I smoke .
then you high like everyday .
and if your ass is a buster 2 1 3 will regulate .
Who else really tryna fuck with Hollywood co
I'm with Marley G bro
flyin' Holly Grove chicks to my Hollywood shows
And I wanna tell you somethin' that you probably should know
This that slum dog millionaire Bollywood flow And uh .
My real friends never hear it from me
fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me .
That's why I pick and choose . I don't get shit confused .
I got a small circle . I'm not with different crews .
We walk the same path . but got on different shoes .
Live in the same buildin' but we got different views .
I got a couple cars . I never get to use .
Don't like my women single . I like my chicks in twos .
And these days all the girls is down to roll .
I hit the strip club and all them bitches find a pole .
Plus I've been sippin' so this shit is movin' kinda slow .
Just tell my girl to tell her friend that it's time to go .
Meet me on the fresh train . Yes I'm in the building
you just on the list of guest names .
And all of my riders do not give a fuck . X games
guns turn you boys into pussies . sex change .
And I smoke til' I got chest pains
And you niggas know I rep my gang like Jesse James .
Women are possessive . and they wanna possess Wayne .
I been flyin' so long I fell asleep on the fuckin' plane .
Skinny pants and some vans .
Call me triple a get my advance in advance Amen .
As the world spin and dance in my hands .
Life is a beach I'm just playin' in the sand .
Uh . Wake up and smell the pussy .
You niggas can't see me . But never overlook me
I'm on the paper trail it ain't no tellin' where it took me .
Yeah . And I ain't a killer but don't push me .
Uh . how do he say what's never said
beautiful black women I bet that bitch look better red
Limpin' off tour cuz I made more off my second leg .
Motherfuckin' bird man junior eleventh grade .
Ball on automatic start .
I can hand it to drake or do a quarterback draw .
Wildcat offense . check the paw prints .
We in da buildin' . you niggas in apartments .
Uh . Nah nah c'mon be my blood doner
flow so nice you ain't gotta put a rug on her .
Do it big and let the small fall under that
damn where you stumbled at . From where they make gumbo
at Kane got the fuckin' beat jumpin' like a jumpin' jack .
And you know me . I get on this bitch and have a heart attack .
Hip hop I'm the heart of that .
Nigga nothin' short of that .
President Carter young money democrat
I feel like I'm walkin' a tight rope without a circus net;
Poppin' percocet I'm a nervous wreck.
I deserve respect but I work and sweat for this worthless check.
bout to burst this tech at somebody to reverse this debt.
Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged.
My life is full of empty promises and broken dreams;
I'm hopin' things look up but there ain't no job openings
I feel discouraged hungry and malnourished
Living in this house with no furnace unfurnished
And I'm sick of workin' dead end jobs with lame pay;
And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day.
But fuck it if you know the rules to the game play
'cause when wi die we know we all going the same way.
Cause it's cool to be the player but it sucks to be the fan,
when all you need is bucks to be the man, plus a luxury sedan
comfortable roomy in a six;
But they threw me in the mix with all these gloomy lunatics
who walk around depressed and smoke a pound of sess a day.
And yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today
My daughter wants to throw the ball but I'm too stressed to play.
There's people that love me and people that hate me
but it's the evil that made me
this backstabbin' deceitful and shady
I want the money the women the fortune and fame;
if it means I end up burnin' in hell scorchin' in flames;
if it means I'm stealin' your checkbook and forgin' your name
This lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain;
Cause right now I feel like just hit the rock bottom
I got problems now everybody on my blocks got 'em.
I'm screamin' like them two cops when Tupac shot 'em.
Holdin' two glocks hope your doors got new locks on 'em.
My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or socks on 'em.
And them rings you wearin' look like they got a few rocks on 'em;
And while you flaunt 'em
I could be takin' 'em to shops to pawn 'em;
I got a couple of rings and a brand new watch you want 'em?.
Cause I ain't never went gold off one song;
I'm runnin' up on someone's lawn with guns drawn.
yo E M D .
yeah what's up man .
there go that girl they call Roxanne . she's all stuck up
why do you say that .
'cause she wouldn't give a guy like me no rap
well she was walkin' down the street so I said hello .
I'm . Kangol from U T F O and she said so
I said so . baby don't you know
I can sing rap and dance in just one show
'cause I'm . Kangol . mister sophisticater .
as far as know ain't nobody greater
from beginning to end end . to beginning .
I never lose because I'm all about winning
but if I was to lose . I wouldn't be upset .
'cause I'm not a gambler I don't bet
I don't be in no casino . and baby while you knizz oh
the is uh I is the griz uh eat kizz uh and kizz oh
I thought she'd be impressed by my 'm devious rap .
I thought I had her caught 'cause I'm a sinister trap
I thought it'd be a piece of cake but it was nothing like that
I guess that's what I get for thinking ain't that right black .
then crizz I . to gizz oh . and seen this number whiz uh .
crizzin' with rocking tizza of mizzac the mic to dizz uh
with the . bang bang brother I feel bad .
but I ain't committing suicide for no crab .
calling her a crab is just a figure of speech
'cause she's an apple . a pear . a plum and a peach .
I thought I had it in the palm of my hand .
but man oh man if I was grand I'd bang Roxanne .
you Kangol I don't think that you're dense .
but you went about the matter with no experience
you should know . she doesn't need a guy like you
she needs a guy like me . with a high I Q .
and she'll take to my rap 'cause my rap's the best .
the educated rapper M D will never fess .
so when I met her I wasted no time
but stuck up Roxanne . paid me no mind .
she thought my name was Barry . I told her it was Gary .
she said she didn't like it so she chose to call me Barry .
she said she'd love to marry . my baby she would carry .
and if she had a baby she'd name the baby Harry
her mother's name is baby which is really quite contrary .
her face is really hairy . and you can say it's scary .
so isn't not every . her father's a fairy .
his job is secondary in some some military .
he throws them to electric camp that wasn't voluntary .
his daughter's name is Sherry . his sons are Tom and Jerry .
Jerry had the flu but it was only temporrary .
back in January . or was it February .
but every time I say this rhyme it makes me kinda weary .
it's only customary . to give this commentary .
some say it's bad some say it's legendary .
you search in' all you want try your local library .
you'll never find a rhyme like this in any dictionary .
but do you know . after all that .
all I received was a pat on the back .
that's what you get . it happened to me
ain't that right mix master I C E .
you thought you had a rose . you thought you was cupid .
but EMD your rap was plain stupid .
I know you're educated . but when will you learn .
not all girls want to be involved with bookworms
you gotta be strong in way she can't resist
so educated rapper huh . bust this .
since she's a new girl . around the block .
I had to let her know that I'm the debonoir doc
I said i'd like to speak to you . if I can .
and if I'm correct here your name is Roxanne
she said how'd you know my name I said it's getting around .
right now baby you're the talk of the town
please let me walk you to the corner . my rap will be brief
she said i've seen you before . you look like a thief
I said me . the Doc . a hood . a rock .
running 'round the street robbing people on the block
nah that's not my style . that crime I'm not related .
as far as I'm concerned I'm too sophisticated
then it seemed I got busy 'cause she cracked a smile .
that let me know my rap was worth her while
she said you call yourself a doctor I said this is true
she said explain to me really what doctors must do
I said this is very rare 'cause I don't say this every day
there's a million medical skills a doctor displays .
dermatology is treatment of the skin .
infected and you'll see me over and over again
there's enthesiology . opthomology .
internal medicine and plastic surgery
orthopedic surgery and pathology
a disease involves a change of the body
she said ooh . that's very unique .
gave me her number and kissed me on the cheek .
she said she had to go but she'd be back by eight .
so to call her at nine to arrange a date .
did you take her to the beach
that's what we planned .
but she stood me up . Roxanne Roxanne .
it's called the rump shaker . the beats is like sweeter than candy .
I'm feelin' manly and your shaker's comin' in handy .
slide 'em across from new york down by your Virginia .
ticklin' you around Delaware before I enter .
turn to seduction from face hips to feet .
a wiggle and a jiggle can make the night complete .
now since you got the body of the year come and get the award .
here's a hint it's like a long sharp sword .
flip tail so let me see you shake it up like dice
the way you shake your rump is turnin' mighty men to mice .
but a plus got a surprise that's a back breaker .
now let me see you shake your rump like a rump shaker .
yup yup it's Teddy . ready with the one two checker .
wrecks in effect is in effects but I'm the wrecker
of the track 'bout the honey shakin' rumps and they backs in .
booties of the cuties steady shakin' but relaxin' .
the action . is packed in a jam like a closet
beats bound to get you up cold flowin' like a faucet .
not mean to make you sit . not mean to make you jump
but yep make the hotties in the party shake your rump
I like the way you comb your hair . uh .
I like the stylish clothes you wear . uh .
it's just the little things you do . uh .
that makes me wanna get with you . uh .
shake it shake it shake it now shake it .
she can spend every birthday butt naked .
body is soft makin' me wanna squish her .
more just than a game a rumper like a sub woofer .
shake it to the left . shake it to the right .
I don't mind stickin' it to her every single night .
come on pass the poom poom send it to poppa .
shake it baby shake it baby shake it don't stop uh .
let me see you do the booty hop .
and now make the booty stop .
now drop and do the booty wop .
the way you shakin' your reals willy peel
is makin' Brazils of a whole lot of bills .
but I ain't into trickin' . just to treatin' .
and I ain't into treatin' every trick that I'm meetin' .
nah nah nah na nah na na
yeah shake it baby shake it now shake it like that .
now little lisa's only nine years old .
she's tryin' to figure out why the world is so cold .
why she's all alone and they never met her family .
momma's always gone and she never met her daddy .
part of her is missin' and nobody'll listen .
momma's on drugs gettin' high up in the kitchen .
bringin' home men at different hours of the night .
startin' with some laughs usually end in' in a fight .
sneakin' in her room when her momma's knocked out .
tryin' to have his way and little Lisa says ouch .
she tries to resist but then all he does is beat her .
tries to tell her mom but her momma don't believe her .
lisa's stuck up in a world on her own .
forced to think that hell is a place called home .
nothin' else to do but get some clothes and pack .
she says she's 'bout to run away and never come back .
little Nicole is only ten years old
she's steady tryin' to figure why the world is so cold
why she's not pretty and nobody seems to like her .
alcoholic stepdad always wanna strike her .
yells and abuses . leaves her with some bruises .
teachers ask questions she's makin' up excuses .
bleedin' on the inside cryin' on the out .
it's only one girl really knows what she's about .
her name is little Stacy and they become friends .
promise that they'll always be tight 'til the end .
until one day lil' Stacy gets shot .
a drive by bullet went stray up on her block .
now Nicole's stuck up in a world on her own .
forced to think that hell is a place called home .
nothin' else to do but get her clothes and pack .
she says she's 'bout to run away and never come back .
little Erica is eleven years old
she's steady tryin' to figure why the world is so cold .
so she pops X to get rid of all the pain .
plus she's havin' sex with her boy who's sixteen .
emotions run deep as she thinks she's in love .
so there's no protection he's usin' no glove .
never thinkin' bout the consequences of her actions
livin' for today and not tomorrow's satisfaction
the days go by and her belly gets big .
the father bails out he ain't ready for a kid .
knowin' her momma would blow it all out of proportion
plus she lives poor so no money for abortion .
Erica is stuck up in a world on her own .
forced to think that hell is a place called home .
nothin' else to do but get her clothes and pack .
she says she 'bout to run away and never come back .
When it hurt I ease the pain girl . caress your frame
get them worries off your brain girl . I'm in your corner
do what you want it's your thing girl . I persist and try but .
one in the same girl . it ain't a game
so I can't play with you . I wanna lay with you
stay with you pray with you grow old and gray with you .
in good and bad times . we'll always make it through .
'cause what we got is true . no matter what they say to you
I could straight lace you not just appearance .
stimulate your mind strengthen your spirits .
be the voice of reason when you ain't tryna hear it .
you want it but you fear it but you love it when you near it .
sit her on the sofa get a little closer .
touch you right do it like a man's suppose to .
knew you was the one that's why I chose you .
'cause you get down for yours and ride like a soldier .
Your soul ain't a toy you ain't dealin' with a boy .
feel emptiness inside . I can fill that void .
when you spend time with your woman and listen .
it shines more than any baguette . diamond can glisten
I can't impress you with the cars and the wealth .
'cause any woman with will and drive can get it herself .
I'd rather show you it's heartfelt . make your heart melt .
and prove to you you're more important than anything else .
worthwhile special like my first child .
when I see your face it's always like the first time .
our eyes met . I knew we'd be together in a tri jet .
I wanna give you things that I didn't buy yet .
hold you . mold you . don't know let me show you .
ain't no tellin' what we could grow to .
let it be known I told you .
and I'mma be there for whatever you go through . my love's true .
I'm the light when you can't see .
I'm that air when you can't breathe .
I'm that feeling when you can't leave .
some doubt . some believe . some lie cheat and deceive
so it's only you and me .
when you weak I'll make you strong . here's where you belong .
I ain't perfect but I promise I won't do you wrong .
keep you way from harm . my love is protected .
I'll wrap you in my arms so you'll never feel neglected .
I'll just make you aware of what we have is rare
in the moment of despair I'm the courage when you're scared .
loyal . down for you . soon as I saw you
wanted to be there 'cause I could hold it down for you .
be around for you . plant seeds in the soil .
make love all night bending bed coils .
you're a queen . therefore I treat you royal .
this is all for you . 'cause I . simply adore you .
I tell her . now go in pop that pussy for a real nigga
I already know that life is deep but I still dig her .
Niggaz is jealous . But really I could care less .
I'm in hell's kitchen with an apron and a hairnet .
Devil on my shoulder . The lord is my witness .
So on my libra scale I'm weighin' sins and forgiveness .
What goes around comes around like a hula hoop
Karma is a bitch well just make sure that bitch is beautiful .
Life on the edge . I'm danglin' my feet .
I tried to pay attention but attention paid me .
Haters can't see me . Nose bleed seats .
And today I went shoppin' . and talk is still cheap .
I rock to the beat of my drum set .
I've been at the top for a while and I ain't jump yet .
Huhha . But I'm . Ray Charles to the bullshit
now jump up on that dick and do a full split . uh .
I tell her . now go on pop that pussy for me
haters can't see me but them bitches still lookin' for me .
And you could take that to the bank and deposit that .
Put your two cents in . and get a dollar back .
Some people hang you out to dry like a towel rack
I'm all about I give the rest of the vowels back .
I like my girl thick . not just kinda fine .
Eat her 'til she cry . Call that wine and dine
Try to check me and I'ma have 'em checkin' pulses .
They say choose wisely . That's why I was chosen .
Rockin' like asphalt . It's the cash fault .
Looked . in the face of death . and took its mask off .
Now I like my house big and my grass soft .
I like my girl face south and her ass north .
But I'm . Ray Charles to the bullshit
Now hop up on that dick and do a full split . Uh
a nigga never been as broke as me . 
when I was young I had two pair of Lees .
the pin stripes and the gray huh the one I wore on Mondays and Wednesdays .
while niggas flirt . I'm sewin' tigers on my shirt . and alligators .
ya wanna see the inside huh I see ya later .
here come the drama . oh .
that's that nigga wit the fake . blaow .
why you punch me in my face stay in ya place .
play ya position . here come my intuition .
go in this nigga pocket . rob him while his friends watchin' .
that hoes clockin' . here comes respect .
his crew's your crew . or they might be next .
look at they man eye . big man they never try
so we roll with 'em . stole with 'em .
I mean loyalty niggaz bought me milks at lunch .
the milks was chocolate . the cookies . buttercrunch
in gear . oshkosh with blue and white ducks . pass the blunt .
I was a shame my crew was lame .
I have enough heart for most of 'em
long as I got stuff from most of 'em
it's on . even when I was wrong I got my point across .
they depicted me the boss . of course .
my orange box cutter make the world go round .
plus I'm fuckin' . bitches ain't my home girls know .
start stackin' . dabbled in crack . gun packin'
nickname medina make the seniors tote my Ninas .
from gym class to in glass pass off a global .
the only nigga wit a mobile . can't you see like total .
gettin' larger in waist and taste .
ain't no tellin' where this felon is headin' . just in case .
keep a shell at the tip of ya melon clear da space .
ya brain was a terrible thing ta waste .
eighty eight long gates snatch initial name plates
smokin' spliffs wit niggaz real life beginner killers
prayin' god forgive us for bein' sinners . help us out
after realizin' to master enterprisin'
I ain't have ta be in school by ten . I was in .
began to encounter . wit my counter . parts
on how ta burn the block apart . break it down into sections .
drugs by the selection
some use pipes . others use injections
syringe sold seperately Frank the deputy .
quick to grab my smith 'n wessun like my dick was missin' .
to protect my position my corner my player .
while we out here . say the hustlers prayer .
if the game shakes me or breaks me
I hope it makes me a better man . take a better stand
put money in my moms hand .
get my daughter this college plan
so she don't need no man
stay far from timid . only make moves when ya heart's in it .
and live the phrase sky's the limit .
motherfucker .
see you chumps on top .
Back in elementary . I thrived on misery .
Left me alone I grew up amongst a dyin' breed .
Inside my mind couldn't find a place to rest .
until I got that Thug Life tatted on my chest
Tell me can you feel me? I'm not livin' in the past .
you wanna last . Be the first to blast .
remember Kato . No longer with us he's deceased .
Call on the sirens seen him murdered in the streets
Now rest in peace .
Is there heaven for a G? . Remember me .
So many homies in the cemetery shed so many tears .
Now that I'm strugglin' in this business by any means
Label me greedy gettin' green . but seldom seen .
And fuck the world 'cause I'm cursed .
I'm havin' visions of leavin' here in a hearse
God can you feel me?
Take me away from all the pressure . and all the pain .
Show me some happiness again .
I'm goin' blind . I spend my time in this cell . ain't livin' well .
I know my destiny is Hell . where did I fail? .
My life is in denial . and when I die .
baptized in eternal fire I'll shed so many tears .
Now I'm lost and I'm weary . so many tears .
I'm suicidal so don't stand near me .
My every move is a calculated step .
to bring me closer to embrace an early death
now there's nothin' left .
There was no mercy on the streets .
I couldn't rest . I'm barely standin'
bout to go to pieces screamin' peace .
And though my soul was deleted . I couldn't see it .
I had my mind full of demons tryin' to break free .
They planted seeds and they hatched . sparkin' the flame .
inside my brain like a match such a dirty game .
No memories just a misery .
Paintin' a picture of my enemies killin' me in my sleep .
Will I survive til the moan in to see the sun .
Please Lord forgive me for my sins . 'cause here I come .
Lord knows I . tried . been a witness to homicide .
Seen drive bys takin' lives little kids die .
Wonder why as I walk by .
Broken hearted as I glance at the chalk line . gettin' high .
This ain't the life for me . I wanna change
But ain't no future right for me . I'm stuck in the game .
I'm trapped inside a maze .
See this Tanqueray influenced me to gettin' crazy
Disillusioned lately . I've been really wantin' babies .
So I could see a part of me that wasn't always shady .
Don't trust my lady . 'Cause she's a product of this poison
I'm hearin' noises . think she fuckin' all my boys .
can't take no more . I'm fallin' to the floor .
beggin' for the Lord to let me in to Heaven's door .
shed so many tears .
how you ain't gon' fuck . bitch I'm me .
I'm the god damn reason you in VIP
CEO you don't have to see I D
I'm young wild and strapped like Chi ali .
blaow . we ain't got nothin' to worry about
whoop ass let security carry 'em out watch out
for the medallion my diamonds are wreckless
feels like a midget is hanging from my necklace .
I pulled up wit a million trucks
lookin' smellin' feelin' like a million bucks ahh .
pass the bottles the heat is on
we in the huddle all smoking that Cheech & Chong
what's wrong the club and the moon is full
and I'm lookin' for a thick young lady to pull
one sure shot way to get 'em outta them pants
take note to the brand new dance
like this .
go on wit ya big ass lemme see somethin'
tell ya little friend . he can quit mean muggin' .
I'm lit and I don't care what no one thinks
but where the fuck is the waitress at wit my drinks
my people outside and they can't get in
we gon' rush the back door and break 'em in
the owner already pissed 'cause we sorta late
but our time and our clothes gotta coordinate
girls lookin' right some lookin' a mess
that's why they spilling drinks all over ya dress
but Louie Vuitton bras all over your breasts
got me wanting to put hickies all over ya chest ahh .
c'mon we gon' party tonight
y'all use mouth to mouth bring the party to life
don't be scurred show another part of your life
the more drinks in your system the harder the fight .
damn right the fire Marshall wanna shut us down
get us out so someone can gun us down
we was two songs away from getting some cutta
now we one song away from tearin' da club up
move over Luda got something to say
do it now 'cause tomorrow ain't promised today
work wit me let's become one with the beat .
and don't worry bout me steppin' all over ya feet .
Let's get lost tonight .
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight .
Play secretary I'm the boss tonight .
And you don't give a fuck what they all say right .
awesome the christian and Christian Dior .
Damn they don't make 'em like this anymore .
I ask 'cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore .
bow in the presence of greatness .
'Cause right now thou hast forsaken us .
You should be honored by my lateness .
that I would even show up to this fake shit .
so go ahead go nuts go ape shit .
Speshly in my pastel on my bape shit .
Act like you can't tell who made this
new gospel Homie take six .
and take this . Haters .
I don't know if you got a man or not .
If you made plans or not .
If God put me in your plans or not .
I'm trippin' this drink got me sayin' a lot .
But I know that God put you in front of me .
so how the hell could you front on me .
there's a thousand you's there's only one of me .
I'm trippin' I'm caught up in the moment right .
'Cause it's Louis Vuitton don night .
So we gon' do everything that Kan like .
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike .
Well I'd do anything for a blonde dike .
And she'll do anything for the limelight .
And we'll do anything when the time's right .
Uh . Baby you're makin' it
harder better faster stronger .
You know how long I've been on you .
Since prince was on appolonia .
Since O J had isotoners .
Don't act like I never told you
Here it is. :A groove slightly transformed.
Just a bit of a break from the norm.
Just a little somethin' to break the monotony
of all that hardcore dance that has gotten to be
a little bit out of control. It's cool to dance,
but what about a groove that soothes and moves romance?.
Give me a soft subtle mix.
And if it ain't broke then don't try to fix it.
And think of the summers of the past.
Adjust the bass, and let the Alpine blast.
Pop in my CD, and let me run a rhyme.
And put your car on cruise, and lay back 'cause this is summertime.
school is out and it's sort of a buzz .
a back then I didn't really know what it was .
but now I see what have of this
the way that people respond to summer madness .
the weather is hot and girls are dressin' less
and checkin' out the fellas to tell 'em who's best .
ridin' around in your jeep or your Benzos .
or in your Nissan sittin' on Lorenzos
back in philly we be out in the park .
a place called the plateau is where everybody go
guys out huntin' and girls doing likewise .
honkin' at the honey in front of you with the light eyes .
she turn around to see what you beepin' at .
it's like the summer's a natural aphrodisiac .
and with a pen and pad I compose this rhyme .
to hit you and to get you equipped for the summer time .
it's late in the day and I ain't been on the court yet .
hustle to the mall . to get me a short set .
yeah I got on sneaks but I need a new pair
'cause basketball courts in the summer got girls there .
the temperature's about eightyeight .
hop in the water plug . just for old times sake .
break to ya crib change your clothes once more
'cause you're invited to a barbeque that's startin' at 4 .
sittin' with your friends as y'all remincise
about the days growin' up and the first person you kiss .
and as I think back makes me wonder how
the smell from a grill could spark up nostalgia .
all the kids playin' out front
little boys messin' round with the girls playin' double dutch .
while the DJ's spinning a tune as the old folks dance at your family reunion .
then six o'clock rolls around .
you just finished wipin' your car down .
it's time to cruise so you go to the summertime hangout
it looks like a car show .
everybody come lookin' real fine .
fresh from the barber shop or fly from the beauty salon .
every moment frontin' and maxin' .
chillin' in the car they spent all day wawin' .
leanin' to the side but you can't speed through .
two miles an hour so everybody sees you .
there's an air of love and of happiness
and this is the fresh prince's new definition of summer madness .
Brakes on a bus . Brakes on a car .
Breaks to make you a superstar .
Breaks to win and breaks to lose .
But these here breaks will rock your shoes .
If your woman steps out with another man
That's the breaks . That's the breaks
And she runs off with him to Japan .
That's the breaks . That's the breaks
And the I R S says they wanna chat
That's the breaks . That's the breaks
And you can't explain why you claimed your cat
That's the breaks . That's the breaks .
And ma bell sends you a whoppin' bill
That's the breaks . That's the breaks .
With eighteen phone calls to brazil .
That's the breaks . That's the breaks
And you borrowed money from the mob .
that's the breaks . That's the breaks .
And yesterday you lost your job .
That's the breaks . That's the breaks .
Throw your hands up in the sky .
And wave 'em round from side to side .
If you deserve . a break tonight .
Somebody say . alright
Breaks on a stage . Breaks on a screen .
Breaks to make your wallet lean .
Breaks run cold and breaks run hot .
Some folks got 'em and some have not .
To the girl in brown stop messin' around .
Break it up . Break it up
To the guy in blue whatcha gonna do
Break it up . Break it up
And to the girl in green don't be so mean
Break it up . Break it up
And the guy in red say what I said .
Break it up . Break it up
Break down .
Brakes on a plane . Brakes on a train .
Breaks to make you go insane .
Breaks in love breaks in war .
But we got the breaks to get you on the floor .
Say last week you met the perfect guy
That's the breaks . That's the breaks
And he promised you the stars in the sky .
That's the breaks . That's the breaks
He said his cadilac was gold .
That's the breaks . That's the breaks
But he didn't say it was ten years old
That's the breaks . That's the breaks
He took you out to the red coach grill
That's the breaks . That's the breaks
But he forgot the cash and you paid the bill
That's the breaks . That's the breaks
And he told you the story of his life .
That's the breaks . That's the breaks
But he forgot the part about . his wife
That's the breaks . That's the breaks Huh.
I wanted the fame but not the cover of Newsweek
Oh well . guess beggars can't be choosy
Wanted to receive . attention for my music .
Wanted to be left alone in public Excuse me .
For wantin' my cake and eat it too . and wantin' it both ways
Fame made me a balloon . 'cause my . ego inflated
When I blew see but it was confusing .
'Cause all I wanted to do is be . the Bruce Lee . of loose leaf .
Abused ink . used it as a tool when I blew steam .
Hit the lottery ooh wee .
But with what I gave up to get . it was bittersweet
It was like . winnin' a used mink .
Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink .
I'm beginning to lose sleep . one sheep . two sheep .
Going cuckoo and kooky as Kool Keith .
But I'm actually weirder than you think . 'Cause I'm .
Now I ain't much of a poet .
but I know somebody once told me To seize the moment
and don't squander it .
'Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow
So I keep conjurin'
sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from .
Yeah ponder it do you want this?
No wonder you're losin' your mind the way it wanders .
yodel ay hee hoo
I think it went wanderin' off down yonder
And stumbled on to Jeff Vanaderin .
'Cause I need an interventionist
To intervene between me and this monster
And save me from myself . and all this conflict .
'Cause the very thing that I love's killin' me
and I can't conquer it .
My OCD's conkin' me in the head . Keep knockin'
nobody's home . I'm sleepwalkin'
I'm just relaying what the voice in my head's sayin'
Don't shoot the messenger I'm friends with the .
Call me crazy but I have this vision .
One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian
But . until then drums get killed and
I'm coming straight at . MC's blood get spilled and
I'll . Take you back to the days that . I'd get on a Dre track .
Give every kid who got played that . Pumped up feelin'
and shit to say back . To the kids who played him .
I ain't here to save the fuckin' children .
But if one kid . out of a hundred million .
Who are going through a struggle feels it
and relates that's . great . It's payback Russell Wilson
fallin' way back In the draft .
turn nothin' into somethin' still can
make that Straw into gold chump I will spin .
Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack .
maybe I need a straightjacket face facts
I am nuts for real but I'm okay with that .
It's nothin' I'm still friends with the .
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door
and started whoopin' her ass worse than before
they first were divorce throwin' her over furniture .
It's the return of the Ah wait no way . you're kidding .
he didn't just say what I think he did . c he? .
And Doctor Dre said . nothing you idiots
Doctor Dre's dead he's locked in my basement .
feminist women love eminem
chigga chigga chigga slim shady I'm sick of him
Look at him walkin' around grabbin' his you know what .
Flippin' the you know who Yeah but he's so cute though!
Yeah I pro'bly got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms .
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose
but can't . but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
My bum is on your lips . my bum is on your lips .
And if I'm lucky you might just give it a little kiss .
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel don't they? .
We ain't nothing but mammals . Well some of us cannibals
who cut other people open like cantaloupes .
But if we can hump dead animals and anteloups
then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope .
but if you feel like I feel I got the antidote .
Women wave your pantyhose sing the chorus and it goes .
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records .
well I do . so fuck him and fuck you too! .
You think I give a damn about a Grammy .
Half of you critics can't even stomach me . let alone stand me
But Slim what if you win wouldn't it be weird? .
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can . sit me here next to Britney Spears? .
Shit Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
so I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst .
and hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first .
little bitch put me on blast on MTV .
Yeah he's cute but I think he's married to Kim hee hee! .
I should download her audio on M P Three
and show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD .
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
all you do is annoy me so I have been sent here to destroy you .
And there's a million of us just like me
who cuss like me who just don't give a fuck like me
who dress like me . walk talk and act like me
it just might be the next best thing but not quite me! .
I'm like a head trip to listen to 'cause I'm only givin' you
things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room
The only difference I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all .
I just get on the mic and spit it
and whether you like to admit it . I just shit it
better than ninety percent of you rappers out can .
Then you wonder how can
kids eat up these albums like valiums
its funny . 'cause at the rate I'm goin' when I'm thirty .
I'll be the only person in the nursin' home flirting .
Pinchin' nurses asses when I'm jackin' off with Jergens
And I'm jerkin' but this whole bag of Viagra isn't workin' .
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurkin'
He could be workin' at Burger King spittin' on your onion rings .
or in the parkin' lot circling Screamin' I don't give a fuck!
with his windows down and his system up .
So will the real Shady please stand up? .
And put . one of those fingers on each hand up? .
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
and one more time loud as you can how does it go?
I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
of this weed. It gives me the shit needed to be
the most meanest MC on this on this Earth.
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse
to just curse And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works.
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension.
Dispensin' these sentences. Gettin' this stress
that's been eatin' me recenyly off of this chest.
And I rest again peacefully.
,but at least have the decency in you
to leave me alone when you freaks see me out
in the streets. When I'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter
to not come and speak to me. I don't know you
,and no I don't owe you a motherfuckin' thing.
I'm not Mister N'Sync. I'm not what your friends think.
I'm not Mister Friendly. I can be a prick. If you tempt me
my tank is on empty. :No patience is in me
,and if you offend me I'm liftin' you ten feet in the air.
I don't care who is there and who saw me just jaw you.
Go call you a lawyer. File you a lawsuit.
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe.
I'm tired of all you. I don't mean to be mean
but that's all I can be, It's just me.
Sometimes I just feel like my father
I hate to be bothered . with all of this nonsense
it's constant And Oh it's his lyrical content
the song Guilty Conscience has gotten such rotten responses
And all of this controversy circles me
and it seems like the media immediately . points a finger at me .
So I point one back at 'em but not the index or pinkie
or the ring or the thumb . it's the one you put up .
when you don't give a fuck . when you won't just put up
with the bullshit they pull 'cause they full of shit too .
When a dude's gettin' bullied and shoots up his school
and they blame it on Marilyn . and the heroin
Where were the parents at? . And look where it's at .
Middle America now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see . an upper class city havin' this happenin' .
then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way .
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need
for the fire to burn and it's burnin' and I have returned .
I'm so sick and tired of being admired
that I wish that I would just die or get fired
and dropped from my label let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on My Name is
And pigeon holed into some poppy sensation
to got me reotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience .
to deal with these cocky caucasians
who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black
'cause I talk with an accent and grab on my balls
so they always keep askin' the same fuckin' questions .
What school did I go to what hood I grew up in
The why the who what when the where and the how .
'til I'm grabbin' my hair and I'm tearin' it out .
'cause they drivin' me crazy . I can't take it
I'm racin' I'm pacin' I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every . fan that I get
But I can't take a shit
in the bathroom without someone standin' by it .
No I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole I'm glad .
Ready for action nip it in the bud
we never relaxin' OutKast is ever lastin'
not clashin' not at all
But see my nigga went to do a little . actin'
now that's for anyone askin' give me one pass 'em
Drip Drip Drop there goes an eargasm .
Now you comin' out the side of your face
we tappin' right into your memory banks thanks .
so click it or ticket let's see your seat belt fastened
trunk rattlin' like two midgets in the backseat rasslin'
Speakerboxxx vibrate the tag
make it sound like aluminum cans in a bag
but I know y'all wanted that eightoheight
can you feel that B A S S bass
but I know y'all wanted that eightoheight
can you feel that B A S S bass .
The whole room fell silent the girls all paused with glee
Turnin' left turnin' right are they lookin' at me
Well I was lookin' at them there there on the dancefloor
now they got me in the middlin' feelin' like a man whore .
specially the big girl
big gulls need love too no discrimination here squirrel .
so keep your hands off my cheeks
let me study how you ride the beat you big freak .
skinny slim women got the camel toe within them
you can hump them lift them bend them give them
something to remember yell out
timber when you fall through the chop shop .
take a deep breath an exhale
your ex male friend boyfriend's was borin' as hell
but let me listen to the story you tell
And we can make moves like a person in jail on the low hoe
This is why im hot. I don't gotta rap.
I can sell a mill sayin' nothing on the track.
I represent New York. I got it on my back.
Niggas say that we lost it so I'mma bring it back.
I love the dirty dirty, 'Cause niggas show me love.
The ladies start to bounce as soon as I hit the club.
But in the midwest they love to take it slow.
So when I hit the I watch 'em get it on the floor.
And if you needed hi fee I take it to the bay.
Frisco to Sactown they do it everyday.
Compton to Hollywood soon as I hit LA.
Im in that low low I do it the Cali way.
And when I hit the shy people say that I'm fly.
They love the way I dress, they like my attire.
They love how I move crowds from side to side.
They ask me how I do it and simply I reply.
this is why im hot . catch me on the block .
every other day another piece another drop .
sixteen bars . twentyfour pop .
forty for a song nigga gimme what you got .
I'm in there driving cars I push them off the lot .
im into shuttin' stores down just so I can shop .
if you need a bird . I could get it chopped .
tell me what you need you know I get em by the flock .
I call my homie black . meet me on the ave
I hit wash heights with the money in the bag .
we into big spinners see my pimpin' never dragged .
find me with different women that you niggers never had .
for those who say they know me know im focused on my cream .
playa you come between youd better focus on the beam .
I keep it so mean . the way you see me lean .
and when I say I'm hot my nigger this is what I mean .
this is why im hot . shorty see the drop .
ask me what I paid and I say yeah I paid a guap .
and then I hit the switch . that take away the top .
so chicks around the way they call me cream of the crop .
they hop in the car I tell them all aboard .
we hit the studio they say they like how I record .
I gave you black train . and I did you wrong .
so every time I see them man they tell me thats their song .
they say I'm the bomb they love the way the charm
hangin' from the neck . then compliments the arm
which compliments the ear . then comes the gear
so when I hit . the room the shorties stop and stare .
niggas start to hate . rearrange their face
but little do they know I keep them things by waist . side
I reply nobody go . tta die .
similar lil' weez coz I got the fire .
the bigger they are the harder they fall .
these big iddy boys are dig iddy dogs .
I have 'em like Miley Cyrus clothes off
twerkin' in their bras and thongs .
face down booty up timber
that's the way we like to what .
I'm slicker than an oil spill
She say she won't but I bet she will .
Look up in the sky it's a bird it's a plane
Nah it's just me ain't a damn thing changed
live in hotels swing on planes .
blessed to say . money ain't a thing
club jumpin' like Lebron now . voli
order me another round . homie
we about to clown . why 'cause it's . about . to go . down
my my my my . music hits me .
so hard makes me say . oh my lord
thank you . for blessin' me
with a mind to rhyme and two hype feet
feels good . when you know you're down
a super dope homeboy from the Oaktown
and I'm known . as such .
and this is a beat uh . you can't touch
fresh new kicks . advance
you gotta like that now you know you wanna dance
so move . outta your seat .
and get a fly girl and catch this beat
while it's rollin' . hold on
pump a little bit and let 'em know it's going on
like that . like that .
cold on a mission so fall um back
let 'em know . that you're too much
and this is a beat uh . they can't touch
give me a song . or rhythm
makin' 'em sweat that's what I'm givin' 'em
now . they know .
you talk about the hammer you talkin' bout a show
that's hyped . and tight
singers are sweatin' so pass them a wipe
or a tape . to learn
what's it gonna take in the nineties to burn
the charts . legit .
either work hard or you might as well quit
go with the funk . it is said
if you can't groove to this then you pro'bly are dead
so wave . your hands in the air .
bust a few moves run your fingers through your hair
this is it . for a winner
dance to this and you're gonna get thinner
move . slide your rump .
just for a minute let's all do the bump .
every time you see me . the hammer's just so hype .
I'm dope . on the floor and I'm magic on the mic .
now why would I ever . stop . doin' this .
with others makin' records that just don't hit .
I toured around the world . from london to the bay .
it's hammer go hammer MC hammer yo hammer
and the rest can go and . play .
see me in ya city sittin' pretty know I'm shinin' dawg
ridin' with a couple Latin broads and a China doll .
and you know how we ball . ridin' in shiny cars .
walk in designer malls . buy everythin' we saw .
you know about me dog don't talk about me dog .
and if you doubt me dog . you better out me dog .
I'm throwed off slightly bro . don't wanna fight me bro .
I'm fast as lightnin' bro ya better use ya Nike's bro .
know you don't like me 'cause yo bitch most likely does
she see me on them dubs in front of every club .
I be on dro I'm buzzed gave every ho a hug
niggaz don't show me mugs 'cause you don't know me cuz
candy on the six four leather guts and fishbowl
fifty on the pinky ring just to make my fist glow .
ya bitches get low because I get dough
so what I'm rich ho I still would pull a kick do'
what you talkin' shit fo' and gotta run and hit fo'
got you a yellin' I thought you pulled out a gun and hit fo' .
but you's a scary dude believed by very few
just keep it very cool or we will bury you .
see all that attitude's unnecessary dude
you never carry tools not even square he cube
you got these people fooled who see you on the tube
whatever try the crew they'll see you on the news .
fresh off the jet to the block burn a rubber with the top pop
i'll pop and bust a shot and tell em stop and make the block hot .
ya label got not . cuz you are not hot .
I got the top spot . and it will not stop
a video or not that will bust it to the glock stop
drag ya out that Bentley coupe and take it to the chop shop .
partner we not ya'll if it may pop off
i'll answer the question will I get ya block knocked off
and what it is bro look I will kill bro
I'm in your hood if you a gangsta what you hid for
somebody better get bro for he get sent for
you say you wanna squash me what you still talkin' shit for
I wanna get you in the Georgia dome on the fifty yard line
while the dirty birds kick for t'ree
And if you like it in the club we can do it
in the DJ booth or in the back of the VIP .
Whipped cream with cherries and strawberries on top Lick it don't stop .
Keep the door locked Don't knock while the boat rock
We go bots and robots So they gotta wait til the show stop .
Or how 'bout on the beach with black sand
Lick up your thigh then call me the pac man
Table top or just give me the lap dance
The rock to the park to the point to the flat lands
That man that Ludacris . woo in the public bathroom
or in a back of the classroom
how ever you want it lover lover gonna tap that ass soon
see I cast 'em and I pass 'em
get a tight grip and I grasp 'em
I flash 'em and out last 'em
and if it ain't good then I trash 'em
while you stash 'em I'll let 'em free
and the tell me what's they fantasy
like up on the roof roof .
tell yo boyfriend not to be mad at me .
I wanna get you in the bath tub
with the candles lit you give it up till they go out .
or we can do it on stage at the Ludacris concert .
'cause you know it got sold out .
or red carpet dick could just roll out .
go head and scream you can't hold out .
we can do it in the pouring rain
runnin' the train when it's hot or when it's cold out
how 'bout up in the library on top of books
but you can't be too loud
You wanna make a brother beg for it
give me TLC 'cause you know I be too proud
we can do it in the white house .
tryna make them turn the lights out .
champaign with my campaign .
let me do the damn thing
what's my name what's my name what's my name .
A sauna jacuzzi in the back row at the movie .
You can scratch my back and rule me .
you can push me and just pull me .
on hay in the middle of the barn .
rose pedals on the silk sheets .
eating fresh fruits sweep yo woman right off of her feet .
I wanna get you in the back seat windows up
that's the way you like to fuck
clogged up fog alert .
rip the pants and rip the shirt .
rough sex make it hurt
in the garden all in the dirt
Roll around Georgia brown that's the way that I like it twerk
legs jerk . overworked .
underpaid but don't be afraid
in the sun or up in the shade
on the top of my escalade
Maybe your girl and my friend can trade
tag team off the ropes
on the ocean or in the boat
Factories or on hundred spokes .
What about up in the candy sto'
that chocolate chocolate make it melt
whips and chains handcuffs
smack a little booty up with my belt
scream help play my game
Dracula man I'll get my fangs
Horseback and I'll get my reigns
School teacher let me get my brains
tag team back again .
check it to wreck it let's begin
party on party people let me hear some noise
D c's in the house jump jump rejoice
says there's a party over here . a party over there
wave your hands in the air shake your derriere .
these three words mean you're gettin' busy
whoomp . there it is hit me
upside down and inside out
I'm 'bout to show all you folks what it's all about
now it's time for a nigga to get . on the mic .
and make this motherfuckin' party hype .
I'm takin' it back to the old school
'cause I'm a old fool who's so cool
if you wanna get down i'ma show you the way .
whoomp . there it is lemme hear ya say .
point blank . gin and juice I drink
and then invent as I puff on dank .
rock the mic . uh oh . I crave skin
rip shit find a honey dip to dip it in
slam dunk it stick it flip it and ride
that B double O T Y oh my .
ooh that's it . come on come on
whoomp . there it is I'm done
some say I'm crazy 'cause I'm pushing up daises
the underground sound that you niggas have found
amazing outstanding demanding
commanding you people dancing whoo
shit that's a breath taker .
our producer AKA the undertaker .
you wanna come down to the underground old school .
here's a shovel can you dig it fool
doubleU H double O M P as I flow
to the fly shit from the school of old
hard core keep the folklore wrecked .
3 to the 2 and 1 mike check
mad skill flow ill on the mess of steel .
that's the thrill of the microphone I just killed
party people there's your party tag team is through .
whoomp there it is I thought you knew .
workin' all week . nine to five for my money .
so when the weekend comes I go get live with the honey .
rollin' down the street . I saw this girl and she was pumpin' .
I winked my eye she got into the ride went to a club was jumpin' .
introduce myself as loc she said . you're a liar .
I said I got it goin' on baby doll . and I'm on fire .
took her to the hotel . she said . you're the king .
I said be my queen if you know what I mean and let us do the wild thang
shoppin' at the mall . lookin' for some gear to buy .
I saw this girl she cool rocked my world and I had to adjust my fly .
she looked at me and smiled and said you have plans for the night .
I said hopefully if things go well i'll be with you tonight .
so we journeyed to her house . one thing led to another .
a key in the door I cold hit the floor looked up and it was her mother .
I didn't know what to say . I was hanging by a string .
she said hey you two I was once like you and I liked to do the wild thang
posse in effect . hangin' out is always hype .
and when me and the crew leave the shindig I want a girl who's just my type .
saw this luscious little frame I ain't lyin' fellas she was fine .
the sweet young miss go gave me a kiss and I knew that she was mine .
took her to the limousine . still parked outside .
I tipped the chauffeur when it was over and I gave her . my own ride
couldn't get her off my jack she was . like static cling .
but that's what happens when body start slappin' from doin' the wild thang
doin' a little show . at the local discoteque .
this fine young chick was on my jack so I say what the heck .
she want to come on stage and do her little dance .
so I said chill for now and maybe later . you'll get your chance .
so when the show was finished . I took her around the way .
and what do you know she was good to go . without a word to say .
we was all alone and she said tone . let me tell you one thing .
I need fifty dollars to make you holler I get paid to do the wild thang
I used to live downtown . one twenty ninth street
convent . everything's upbeat
parties . ball in the park
nothing . but girls after dark
we chill . nobody gets ill
in the place . we call the hill
but if you try 'em .
that's when they will
get wild but they don't fight . they kill
at the .
I remember parties . out in the park
with the girlies . rubbin' up in the dark
I was smooth . 'til someone pulled a gun
it was over . they spoiled my fun .
I was flyin' . just like a track star
dyin' nah I ran through the back yard
trying . to get in my buildin'
say in' why in the heck won't somebody kill them
one day . the fellas got together
they vowed . that no one would ever
come on our block . and terrorize us
the gangs that used to do it . now they idolize us
guns . we don't like to use them
unless . our enemies choose them .
we prefer to fight you on like a man
and beat you down . with our hands and bodyslam you at the .
we don't start trouble . but boy do we end it
our time . we like to spend it
snappin' . boy do we heat up .
but we'll take time out . to beat up
a sucker . if he wants static .
beatdown . yeah . we got it .
good . and we'll accommodate you .
thanks to us a lot of brothers hate to
come back . to this very day
'cause losings one thing we don't play .
if you're ever in a fight and you're beatin' one of us
break out . before you get bumrushed
at . the .
I'm talkin' 'bout nazareth B O tony and Milton
Mike Mike Sluggo and . Mike Chillion
D O B Reggie B and Sid
Daniel B Derrick B Sean B and don't forget
Big Hank . Don Ice and Sire Rock
god bless Peter wax Chuck Chuck and Po Rock
El Dorado George way back in the day
had all the brothers on the hill talkin' this way
they said god have mercy L A
sunshine . and my DJ
Easy Lee . are from around the way
jock jock Philly Phil Don D always
been chillin' . keith keith K V
steve O . ross ross and A fi
beroni . toss key and hung hunk .
we fight with our hands and nobody's a punk at .
wild wild west .
Jim West desperado .
rough rider no you don't want nada .
none of this six gunnin' this brother runnin' this
buffalo soldier look it's like I told ya .
any damsel that's in distress .
be outta that dress when she meet Jim west .
rough neck so go check the law and abide
watch your step or flex and get a hole in your side
swallow your pride . don't let your lip react .
you don't wanna see my hand where my hip be at .
with Artemis from the start of this runnin' the game .
James west tamin' the west so remember the name .
now who ya gonna call
not the G B's
now who you gonna call
J dub and a G
if you ever riff with either one of us
break out . before you get bum rushed . at the .
now once upon a time in the west .
mad man lost his damn mind in the west .
loveless kidnap a dime nuttin' less .
now I must . put his behind to the test .
then through the shadows in the saddle ready for battle .
bring all your boys in . here come the poison .
behind my back all that riffin' ya did .
front and center . now where your lip at kid .
who dat is a mean brother bad for your health .
lookin' damn good though if I could say it myself .
told me loveless is a mad man . but I don't fear that
he got mad weapons too . ain't tryna hear that .
tryna bring down me the champion .
when y'all clowns gon' see that it can't be done .
understand me son . I'm the slickest they is .
I'm the quickest they is .
did I say I'm the slickest they is .
so if you barkin' up the . wrong tree we comin' .
don't be startin' nuttin' . me and my partner gonna .
test your chest loveless .
can't stand the heat . then get out the wild wild .
to any outlaw tryin' to draw thinkin' you're bad
any drawin' on west best with a pen and a pad
don't even think about it . six gun weighin' a ton
ten paces and turn just for fun . son .
up 'til sundown . rollin' around
see where the bad guys are to be found and make 'em lay down .
the defenders of the west .
crushin' all pretenders in the west .
don't mess with us 'cause we in the
I run with convicted felons
screamin' yellin' .
bitch I'ma soldier
stick in my chrome receiver and fins to get it on
influenced . by the dolja
blastin' . at the rollers
callin' couple of soldiers
fuckin' up with this song bitch
your mom shoulda told ya
I ain't nothin' Nice
snoop . brought the boss
I got the spark lets go on a body high .
put it on my life and my favorite pipe .
soldiers greed with ice
and watch me . buddha in the night
I . careful to ever the one that dead shot him
bringin' the drama like a punk but your muh fuckin' somebody
what . Lodi Dodi send a duce up in dey coupe .
but after hard eight .
Snoop and his soldiers . gonna make ya say .
nigga . all I really wanna do when we come out
get down on the get down .
mothafucker better sit down .
we up in this bitch now .
got the take to make the hap
we gon' make our money right .
tired of livin' the stressy life .
pressure fuck price .
yikes .
know what I like .
keep it hype .
betcha I right .
put pounds of ice on ya like white on rice .
vise grips on the mics .
turnin' to fights .
burnin' up the limelight .
fire
and you ain't gotta strain your eyes to find us .
throwin' bad days behind us
ahh damn the headlights
now bout to let it shine .
find your ass in there tip toein'
your ass is mine .
we got 'em waitin' on us . by the radio
so our albums can drop .
Snoop fiend me beats by the pound you know that's gon' pop .
jump in the game and walk away
with enough money to run with .
till ya hear that last fuckin' woof .
we ain't done bitch .
I can come faster than a speedin' bullet
or I can take my time and move slow .
wake up outta my seat and hit this mic and blow like some indo .
you can call me what you want
just don't call me no punk .
my name is Snoop D O double G
and I'm the Godfather G funk .
I'll put this shit down like clown Dogg Pound is my set .
nigga step outta line I shoot them in they mothafuckin' spine
and break they necks .
that's how it goes down . you gon' realize that .
see when you run up in my face you able to get smacked . jacked
just
like that .
I'ma fool break the rules damn way too cool
they call me Snoop D O double G .
'cause I'ma fuckin' fool . I can get silly .
but I'd rather kick back relax . new jack get smacked . 'cause I'm . tryin'
to
up a sack .
to my nigga Mystikal Fiend . and my big homie Master P .
'cause thats just the way . this shit gon' be .
baby N O L I M I T .
'cause we gon' make y'all say woof .
until you mothafuckers demand
that nigga named Snoop .
I'd like to get to know ya so I can show ya .
put the pussy on ya like I told ya .
gimme all your numbers so I can phone ya .
your girl actin' stank than call me over .
not on the bed lay me on your sofa .
call before you come I need to shave my cho cha .
you do or you don't or you will or won't cha .
go downtown and eat it like a vulture .
see my hips and my tips don'tcha .
see my ass and my lips don'tcha .
lost a few pounds in my waist for ya .
this the kinda beat that go ba ta ta .
ba ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta
sex me so good I say blah blah blah .
work it . I need a glass of water .
boy oh boy its good to know ya .
if you're a fly gal get your nails done .
get a pedicure . get your hair did .
boy lift it up lets make a toast ah .
lets get drunk its gon bring us closer .
don't I look like a Halle Berry poster .
see dem Belvedere playin' tricks on ya .
girlfriend wanna be like me never
you won't find a bitch that's even better .
I make it hot as las Vegas weather
listen up close while I take you backwards
O ab bi ginst duh al I sim bi a wich O .
I'm not a prostitute but I can give you what you want .
I love your braids and your mouth full of fronts .
love the way my ass go ba bump ba bump bump .
keep your eyes on my ba bump ba bump bump .
and think you can handle this badonkadonk donk .
take my thong off and my ass go boom .
cut the lights off so you see what I can do
boys boys all type of boys .
black white puerto rican Chinese boys .
wan tan Taya toyO tang a tang .
wan tan Taya toyO tang a tang .
girls girls get that cash .
if its nine to five or shakin' ya ass .
ain't no shame ladies do your thang .
just make sure you ahead of the game .
just 'cause I got a lot of fame super
prince couldn't get me change my name papa .
Kunta Kinte enslave a game no sir .
picture black sayin' oh yessuh massa .
picture lil' kim datin' a pastor .
minute man big men can outlast ya .
who is the best I don't have to ask ya .
when I come out you won't even matter
why you act dumb like ugh duh .
so you act dumb like ugh duh .
and the drummer boy go pa rum pa pum pum .
give ya some some some of this cinnabon
day when I was chillin' in Kentucky fried chicken .
just mindin' my business . eatin' food and finger lickin' .
this dude . walked in . lookin' strange and kind of funny .
went up . to the front . with a menu and his money .
he didn't walk straight kind of . side to side .
he asked this old lady yo yo um . is this Kentucky fried .
the lady said yeah smiled and he smiled back .
he gave a quarter and his order small fries Big Mac .
day you won a ticket to see doctor J .
front row seat in free no pay .
radio in hand . snacks by feet .
game's about to start you kickin' popcorn to the beat .
you finally up . Doc's gone to town
round his back . through the hoop . then you scream touchdown .
the other day around the way I seen you illin' at a party
drunk as a skunk you illin' punk and in your left hand was Bacardi
you went up . to this fly girl and said . yo yo can I get this dance
she smelt your breath and then she left you standin' in your illin'
stance .
dinner . you ate it . there is none left .
it was salty . with butter and it was def
you proceeded . to . eat it . cos you was in the mood .
but homes you did not read it was a can of dog food .
so what I keep 'em rolled up
saggin' my pants not carin' what I show .
keep it real with my niggaz
keep it player for these hoes .
and look clean don't it
washed it the other day watch how you lean on it
give me some five oh one jeans on and
roll joints bigger than King Kong's fingers
and smoke them hoes down 'til they stingers .
you a class clown and if I skip for the day
I'm wit'cha bitch smokin' grade A .
you know what .
it's like I'm . seventeen again
peach fuzz on my face .
lookin' on the case .
tryna find a hella taste
oh my God . I'm on a chase . Chevy .
it's gettin' kinda heavy . relevant sellin' it
dippin' away . time keeps slippin' away .
zip in the safe . flippin' for pay .
tippin' like I'm drippin' in paint .
up front fo blunts like Khalifa put the weed in a J .
uh . and I don't even care .
'cause if me and my team in here
it's gon' be some weed in the air .
tell 'em Mac .
blowin' everywhere we goin' and now you knowin'
when I step right up . get my lighter so I can light up .
that's how it should be done .
soon as you thinkin' you're down
find how to turn things around
now things are lookin' up .
from the ground up . pound up this taylor gang .
so turn my sound up and mount up . and do my thang .
now I'm chillin' fresh outta class feelin' .
like I'm on my own and I could pro'lly own a buildin' .
got my own car no job . no children .
had a science project . me and mac killed it
T H C . M a C . D E V . H D 3 . high as me .
this is us . we gon' fuss
and we gon' fight and we gon' roll
and live off life .
Yeah It's prime time my top back this pimp game hoe
I'm red leather this cocaine I'm Rick James hoe
I'm bill droppin' Ms.
My baby's drama mama don't like me.
She doin' things like havin' them boys come from her neighborhood
to the studio tryin' to fight me.
She need to get a piece of American pie and take her bite out.
That's my house. I disconnect the cable and turn the lights out.
And let her know her grandchild is a baby and not a paycheck.
Private school day care shit medical bills I pay that.
I love your mom and everything see I ain't the one who laid down.
She wanna rib you up start a custody war my lawyers stay down.
You never got a chance to hear my side of the story. We was divided.
She had fish fries and cookouts for my child's birthday I ain't invited.
Despite it I show her the utmost respect when I fall through.
All you do is defend that lady when I call you.
Hustler word I pull the trigger long;
Grit my teeth spray 'til every nigga's gone.
Got my block sewn; armored dope spots;
Last thing I sweat's a sucker punk cop.
Move like a king when I roll hops.
You try to flex; BANG another nigga drops.
You gotta deal with this cause there's no way out;
Why? Cash money ain't never gonna play out.
I got nothin' to lose, much to gain;
In my brain I got a capitalist migraine
I gotta get paid tonight you're motherfuckin' right.
Think of my grip, check my bitch, keep my game tight.
So many whores on my jock think I'm a movie star.
nineteen I got a fifty thousand dollar car.
What's up?; You say you wanna be down?.
Ease back or motherfucker get beat down;
Out my face fool I'm the illest
Bulletproof I die harder than Bruce Willis
Got my crew in effect I bought 'em new Jags;
So much cash gotta keep it in Hefty bags.
All I think about is keys and Gs.
Imagine that me workin' in Mickey Ds;
That's a joke cause I'm never gonna be broke.
When I die there'll be bullets and gunsmoke
You don't like my liestyle Fuck you.
I'm rollin' with the New Jack crew.
Here I come so you better break North.
As I stride my gold chains glide back and forth.
I care nothin' 'bout you and that's evident
All I love is my dope and Dead Presidents
Sound crazy Well it isn't
The ends justifies the means that's the system
I learned that in school then I dropped out;
Hit the streets, checked the grip, and now I got clout.
I had nothin' and I wanted it;
You had everything and you flaunted it.
Turned the needy into the greedy
With cocaine my success came speedy
Got me twisted jammed into a paradox
every dollar I get another brother drops;
maybe that's the plan and I don't understand
God damn you got me sinkin' in quicksand
But since I don't know and I ain't never learned;
I gotta get paid; I got money to earn.
With my posse out on the ave;
Bump my sounds crack a forty and laugh.
Cool out and watch my new Benz gleam.
Is this a nightmare Or the American dream?.
So think twice if you're comin' down my block.
You wanna journey through hell?; Well shit gets hot.
Pregnant teens; children's screams;
Life is weighed on the scales of a triple beam.
You don't come here much and you better not;
Wrong move BANG ambulance cot.
I gotta get more money than you got;
So what if some motherfucker gets shot?.
That's how the game is played;
another brother slain; The wound is deep
BUT they're givin' us a Band Aid.
My education low but I got long dough.
Say last week you met the perfect guy
That's the breaks That's the breaks
And he promised you the stars in the sky
That's the breaks That's the breaks
He said his cadilac was gold
That's the breaks That's the breaks
But he didn't say it was ten years old
That's the breaks That's the breaks
He took you out to the red coach grill
That's the breaks That's the breaks
But he forgot the cash and you paid the bill
That's the breaks That's the breaks
And he told you the story of his life
That's the breaks That's the breaks
But he forgot the part about his wife
That's the breaks That's the breaks Huh.
